<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20191209_10-K_edgar_data_1133798_0001437749-19-024029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3632139</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193814</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>179538</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1565180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1019033</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>532293</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-19-024029.hdr.sgml : 20191209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20191209080121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-19-024029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20191209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20191209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TX Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133798
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [5084]
		IRS NUMBER:				582558702
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32335
		FILM NUMBER:		191274356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P. O. BOX 1425
		CITY:			ASHLAND
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		606-928-1131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P. O. BOX 1425
		CITY:			ASHLAND
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	R WIRELESS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HOM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-19-024029.txt : 20191209

10-K
 1
 txhg20190930_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

txhg20190930_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

			 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File No. 000-32335 

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Georgia 

			 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or 

			 Organization) 

58-2558702 

			 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

12080 Virginia Blvd., Ashland, KY 41102 

			 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 

606) 92 9 - 5655 

			 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act: Common S tock, no par value per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Emerging growth company 

Large accelerated filer 
			 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
			 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates based upon the average bid and asked prices for the Common Stock on March 31, 2019, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter as reported on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. s OTCPINK was approximately 207,391. 

As of December 9, 2019, the number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was 48,053,084. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward looking statements, that is statements regarding future, not past, events. Forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "estimate," "forecast" or "target." All statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward looking statements. 

For us, particular uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements include: 

cyclical economic conditions affecting the coal mining industry and competitive pressures and changes affecting the coal mining industry, including demand for coal; 

general economic conditions, including those affecting the domestic and global coal mining industry generally; 

changes in environmental laws and regulations promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency and similar state agencies or their interpretation and enforcement as they affect the mining industry and, in particular, the coal mining industry; 

our ability to generate cash from operations, obtain funding on favorable terms and manage our liquidity needs; 

challenges arising from acquisitions or our development and marketing of new products; 

information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations, trends in financial results and business plans, including those related to earnings, earnings growth, revenue and revenue growth; 

statements about the level of our costs and operating expenses relative to our revenues, and about the expected composition of our revenues; 

statements about expected future sales trends for our products; 

statements about our future capital requirements and the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and available bank borrowings to meet these requirements; 

other statements about our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions; and 

factors that are described in the Risk Factor section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019. 

These and other uncertainties may cause our actual results to be materially different from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this report. We do not ordinarily make projections of our future operating results and do not undertake to publicly revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this report, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 expressly state that the safe harbor for forwarding looking statements does not apply to companies that issue penny stocks. Because we may from time to time be considered an issuer of penny stock, the safe harbor for forward looking statements under such statutory provisions may not be applicable to us at certain times. 

We obtained certain statistical data, market data and other industry data and forecasts used in this Form 10-K from publicly available information. While we believe that such data is reliable, we have not independently verified the data, and we do not make any representation as to the accuracy of the information. 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 20 1 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 
			 
			 4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 
			 
			 8 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 
			 14 

Item 2. 

Properties 
			 
			 15 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
			 
			 15 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 
			 
			 15 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 
			 15 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
			 
			 16 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 
			 16 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
			 
			 24 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
			 
			 24 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
			 
			 43 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
			 
			 43 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 
			 
			 44 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
			 
			 44 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
			 
			 46 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
			 
			 47 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
			 
			 47 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
			 
			 50 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
			 
			 52 

Item 16. 
			 Form 10-K 
			 53 

SIGNATURES 
			 54 

3

PART I 

ITEM 1 . BUSINESS 

Introduction 

TX Holdings, Inc., a Georgia corporation ("TX Holdings," the "Company," we, our, or us ), is a supplier and distributor of drill bits, related tools and other mining supplies and rail products directly and through other suppliers to United States coal mining companies and operators for use in their extraction and transportation processes. 

Our products are supplied to us by certain manufacturers and suppliers and warehoused and distributed from the Company s principal business location in Ashland, Kentucky. 

We were incorporated in the State of Georgia on May 15, 2000. 

Our web site address is www.txholdings.com . Information contained on our web site is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Recent Financing Activities 

Since November 2011, Mr. Shrewsbury, our CEO, has provided financing to us that, in addition to a bank term loan, we have relied upon to fund and expand our business operations. On February 25, 2014, Mr. Shrewsbury agreed to consolidate and restructure this indebtedness and we issued in exchange for such indebtedness a Consolidated Secured Promissory Note (the Consolidated Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000. The Consolidated Note bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum or prime rate if higher than 5 per annum is repayable in full ten years from the date of issuance and is subject to certain events of default. Payment of the Consolidated Note is secured by the death benefit proceeds of a 2 million key man term life insurance policy purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury which has been assigned to Mr. Shrewsbury. In addition, in consideration of Mr. Shrewsbury agreeing to consolidate the indebtedness, the Company granted to Mr. Shrewsbury options to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, issued February 25, 2014. The options were exercisable at a price of 0.0924 per share subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments in the event of stock dividends, subdivisions, capital reorganizations, a consolidation, merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets. The options were exercisable for a period of three years commencing April 1, 2014 and expired on March 31, 2017. 

As of September 30, 2019, Mr. Shrewsbury had advanced to the Company an additional 181,487 which is not interest bearing and is repayable upon demand. 

During fiscal 2015 and through December 3, 2015, we maintained a 750,000 line of credit with a bank. On December 3, 2015, we refinanced the line of credit with a new term loan from the bank in the amount of 711,376 and utilized the proceeds of the new loan to repay the line of credit. The new loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020. During the term of the loan, we have agreed to make equal monthly repayments of principal and interest of 6,967 commencing January 3, 2016 and make a final payment on December 3, 2020, of the outstanding balance of the interest and principal then due, estimated to be approximately 391, 896. Interest under the new loan is variable and is based upon the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, currently 5.00 per annum. In the event of a default, interest under the loan may be increased by 2 . The line of credit is secured by a priority security interest in our inventory and accounts receivable and is guaranteed by our CEO. 

The Consolidated Note and advances due to Mr. Shrewsbury are subordinate to the Company s bank indebtedness. 

Our Business 

Background 

Mining and Rail Supplies 

We supply and distribute rail products including rail, switches, ties and related products, and drill bits, augurs, related tools and mining supplies to U.S. coal mine operators and distributors primarily located in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia. 

Although, the Company has experienced an increase in sales starting in the second fiscal quarter of 2017 as compared to the two prior years, when the U.S. Coal industry was facing declining U.S. coal production and bankruptcies and restructurings among certain U.S. coal companies, the demand for, and production of, coal continue to be adversely affected by several factors, including increased environmental regulation in the U.S., declining coal consumption in the electric power sector, increased competition from natural gas, and a strong U.S. dollar. 

4

The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) forecasted in its Short-Term Energy Outlook (STEO) released October 8, 2019, that U. S. coal production will decline by 10 to 679MMst in 2019, which would be a 76MMst decline from the 2018 level. Declining coal demand and related bankruptcies, ownership changes, and sudden closures have contributed to a fluctuating production environment. The EIA also expects coal production to decline further by 11 in 2020 to 603MMst. 

Coal consumption in the United States decreased for the fifth consecutive year in 2018, reaching 13.2 quads, the lowest level since 1975 and about half of its peak in 2005. In 1950, nearly half of the U.S. coal consumption was in the industrial sector (47 ), and the transportation sector also consumed a significant share (13 ). However, since the 1960s nearly all U.S. coal has been used to generate electricity. In 2018, the electric power sector accounted for 91 of U.S. coal consumption. 

The United States is a net exporter of coal. The U.S coal exports reached a high of 126MMst equal to 12 of U.S. coal production in 2012. U.S. coal export decline each year from 2012 through 2016 and then increased in 2017 and 2018, the United States exported about 116 MMst of coal which equal about 15 of U.S. coal production. The coal is exported to at least 52 countries with the top five destination going to India, The Netherlands, Japan, South Korea and Brazil. 

EIA expects U.S. CO2 emissions in 2019 to decline because the share of electricity generated from natural gas and renewables will increase while the share generated from coal, which is more carbon-intensive energy source, will decrease. 

Continued distress in the U.S. coal mining industry will materially affect the demand for our products. 

Principal Products 

Drilling Products 

We distribute and sell drill steel mining products for use in the coal mining industry, including: 

drill bit products and accessories, used for hard and soft rock mining operations; 

tungsten carbide drill bits and augurs, and 

related accessories and tools. 

Rail Products 

We distribute and sell drill steel mining products used by the coal industry in its extraction process, including: 

tee rails, used for railroad tracks for the transportation of coal by coal mine operators; 

steel ties for securing rail; 

switches, and 

related accessories and tools. 

Cyclicality 

Changes in economic conditions affecting the global and domestic mining industry can occur abruptly and unpredictably, which may have significant effects on our sales. Cyclicality is driven, primarily, by price volatility of coal, as well as product life cycles, competitive pressures and other economic factors affecting the mining industry, such as company consolidations and mergers, bankruptcies, increased regulation of the coal mining or electrical utility industry, and competition affecting demand for coal, and the broader economy, including changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and from market expectations with respect to such policies. Falling prices for coal have in the past, and may in the future, lead to reduced production levels of existing mines, a contraction in the number of existing mines and the closure of less efficient mines, and are likely to lead to a decrease in demand for our mining supplies and rail products. Conversely, rising coal prices typically lead to the expansion of existing mines, opening of new mines or re-opening of less efficient mines. Increased mining activity typically leads to an increase in demand for our mining supplies and rail products. 

5

Seasonality 

Our business is subject to moderate seasonality, with the first quarter of our fiscal year (October to December), generally experiencing lower sales than the last three quarters of our fiscal year. 

Manufacturers and Suppliers 

Our drill steel mining products, drill bits, and related products are manufactured and supplied to us by several manufacturers located overseas. Our rail products are supplied to us by several suppliers located overseas and, in the U.S. 

Management does not believe that the loss of any of such manufacturers or suppliers would adversely affect the Company s business and believes that alternative manufacturers and suppliers would be readily available to us. 

Distribution and Sales 

We sell our mining supplies and rail products primarily through two independent sales agent and, to a limited extent, directly to our customers. Our sales agents are independent contractors and are compensated on a commission basis. Our sales agents sell our mining supplies to resellers as well as directly to coal mine operators. 

Our products are delivered to us at our warehouse in Ashland, Kentucky, from where they are shipped to our customers primarily by road. Shipping costs are normally paid for by the purchaser. 

Customers 

We distribute and sell our mining supplies and rail products principally to certain coal mining companies located in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia and certain distributors. Our customers include both large and small mining companies and operators. During the year ended September 30, 2019, one customer accounted for approximately 30 of our revenues (35 in 2018), and accounted for less than 1 of our accounts receivable (45 in 2018) as of the year end, one customer accounted for approximately 24 of our revenues (11 in 2018), one customer accounted for approximately 6 of our revenues (6 in 2018) and, one customer accounted for approximately 5 of our revenues 2 in 2018) All remaining customers account for less than 5 of our revenue. The loss of any one or more of our major customers or if our inability to collect on outstanding accounts receivable from one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We continue to seek to increase our customer base and reduce our reliance on a limited number of customers. 

Competitive Business Conditions 

We compete with large and small manufacturers and suppliers of drill bits and other cutting tools and related products to the U.S. coal mining industry. We compete with several manufacturers and distributors of mine rail and related products. Many of our competitors are large manufacturers or distributors or divisions of large companies, however, our industry remains relatively fragmented with several hundred fabricators and toolmakers. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and more established relationships in the industry than we have. We believe we compete on the basis of the reliability, quality and performance of our products, competitive pricing, prompt delivery and good customer service and support. 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 

In connection with our mining and rail supplies business, we rely on a combination of common law trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret law to establish and protect our proprietary rights and promote our reputation and the growth of our business. We do not own any patents with regard to our rail or mining products that would prevent or inhibit our competitors from using our products or entering our market, although we may seek such protection in the future. 

We do not require our employees, consultants and independent contractors to enter into agreements containing non-disclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions and covenants, accordingly, we rely only upon common law protections to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights or to deter independent third-party development of products similar to the products we distribute and sell. 

6

Governmental Regulation 

We are unaware of and do not anticipate having to expend significant resources to comply with any governmental regulation of the distribution of mining supplies and rail products. We are subject to the laws and regulations of those jurisdictions in which we sell our products, which are generally applicable to business operations, such as business licensing requirements, income taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our business is not subject to special regulatory and/or supervisory requirements. We do not believe our current business is subject to any environmental or similar laws. However, we may become subject to product liability claims related to the products we distribute and sell. 

In connection with our prior oil and gas business operations, we were subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. In particular, our exploration, development and production operations, our activities in connection with storage and transportation of oil and other hydrocarbons and our use of facilities for treating, processing or otherwise handling hydrocarbons and related wastes may be subject to regulation under these and similar state legislation. 

If it is subsequently determined that we failed to comply with these laws and regulations we may be subject to the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines, penalties or other liability, or the imposition of injunctive relief that could have a material adverse impact on us and our financial condition. 

Insurance 

We maintain general liability insurance and auto coverage liability insurance in the amount of 1,000,000 to cover certain liabilities associated with the distribution of our mining supplies and rail products. 

We purchased a 2 million key man term life insurance policy on the life of our CEO (William Shrewsbury) that has been assigned to Mr. Shrewsbury as security for a loan he has made to us. In addition, we purchased a 500,000 key man term life insurance policy on the life of our CFO (Jose Fuentes) that has been assigned to Mr. Fuentes to cover prior years accrued but unpaid compensation. 

Research and Development Expenditure 

No research and development cost were incurred in 2019 or 2018. 

Employees 

As of September 30, 2019, we employed four full-time employees. None of our employees are a party to a collective bargaining agreement and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. Also, we employ certain consultants and independent contractors on a regular basis to assist in the marketing and sale of our products. Our sales agents are compensated on a commission basis. 

Available Information 

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), are filed with the SEC . We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with or to the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge via our website at www.txholdings.com when such reports are available on the SEC s website. The public may read and copy any materials filed by us with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this report. Further, references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Principal Executive Offices 

 Our principal executive offices are located at 12080 Virginia Blvd, Ashland, Kentucky 41102. Our principal telephone number at such location is (606) 929-5655. 

7

ITEM 1A . RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and other information contained in this filing before deciding to invest in our common stock. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or which we currently consider immaterial may also adversely affect our company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose a part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Operations 

We have a limited operating history in our current business and our success is subject to substantial risks inherent in the establishment of a new business. We can give no assurance we will be profitable in the future . 

We are in the business of distributing and selling mining supplies and rail products to U.S. coal mining companies and operators and were a development stage company until March 31, 2012. We have encountered unforeseen costs, expenses, problems, difficulties and delays frequently associated with new ventures, and these costs, expenses, problems, difficulties and delays may continue. 

 There is no assurance we will be successful in the future. We anticipate our operating expenses will increase if and as our business expands or if we pursue additional business opportunities, We will need to generate revenues sufficient to meet all of our expenses to achieve profitability and obtain additional financing to fund such expenses. However, such financing may not be available to us or may be available upon terms that are not acceptable to us. 

We incurred a small profit in 2019 and a net loss in fiscal year s 201 8 and 201 7 and a net income for 2013 and 201 4 fiscal years . Prior to fiscal 2013, we had a history of net losses . We can p rovide no assurance we will be profitable in the future. If we fail to achieve profitability , we may need to reduce or eventually cease our operations. 

We had a 42,444 profit in 2019 and a loss of 55,200 in 2018. At September 30, 2019 and 2018, we had accumulated deficits of 15,568,692 and 15,611,136, respectively. Based on current expectations, we may need to obtain additional financing to expand our mining and rail supplies distribution business. Also, we require additional financing to fund ongoing operations if our current sales and revenue growth are insufficient to meet our operating costs. 

In the past we have been able to raise financing from our chief executive officer through notes and advances and from a bank term loan that our chief executive officer guaranteed. Our inability to obtain necessary capital or financing to fund these needs will adversely affect our ability to fund operations and continue as a going concern. Additional financing may not be available when needed or may not be available on terms acceptable to us. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate one or more of our strategies, which may affect our overall business results of operations and financial condition. Also, under our new loan agreement with a bank, we may not incur additional indebtedness without the bank s consent. 

We are dependent on financing provided or guaranteed by our CEO to fund our business and ongoing operations. We have incurred substantial debt which could affect our ability to obtain additional financing and may increase our vulnerability to business downt urns. We may be unable to repay advances due to our CEO if he demand s repayment of the outstanding advances. 

As of September 30, 2019, we have incurred debt due to Mr. Shrewsbury, our CEO, in the form of a note and advances in the aggregate amount of 2,181,487 of which 2,000,000 is covered by a note due in February 24, 2024, and advances, which are due on demand, of 181,487. We have outstanding accounts payable of 320,985 and other accrued liabilities of 888,905, which includes 559,726 accrued interest on the note due to our CEO. Also, as of September 30, 2019, we owed 494,370 on a bank term loan. Under the term loan, we are required to make equal monthly repayments of principal and interest of 6, 967 commencing January 3, 2016 and to make a final payment on December 3, 2020, of the outstanding balance of the interest and principal then due, estimated to be approximately 425,359. The term loan is secured by our inventory and accounts receivable and guaranteed by our CEO. Also, under the term loan, without the consent of the bank, we are not permitted to incur any indebtedness other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course. We are subject to the risks associated with substantial indebtedness, including insufficient funds to repay the outstanding loans when they become due and advances if our chief executive officer demands their repayment. 

There may be some doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern and, if we are unable to continue our business, our shares may have little or no value. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report on our financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018, contains an explanatory paragraph wherein they expressed an opinion that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might occur if we are unable to continue in business as a going concern. Accordingly, careful consideration of such opinions should be given in determining whether to continue or become our stockholder. 

8

We depend on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The loss of one or more of these customers, or our inability to collect outstanding receivables from such customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Our customers include both large and small mining companies and operators. During the year ended September 30, 2019, one customer accounted for approximately 30 of our revenues (30 in 2018), and accounted for less than 1 of our accounts receivable (45 in 2018) as of the year end, one customer accounted for approximately 24 of our revenues (11 in 2018), one customer accounted for approximately 6 of our revenues (6 in 2018) and, one customer accounted for approximately 5 of our revenues 2 in 2018) All remaining customers account for less than 5 of our revenue. The loss of any one or more of our major customers or if our inability to collect on outstanding accounts receivable from one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We continue to seek to increase our customer base and reduce our reliance on a limited number of customers. Although we are seeking to diversify our customer base and reduce our reliance upon sales to a small number of large mine operators, we expect sales to such customers to continue to constitute a significant portion of our revenues in the near term. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and import tariffs could cause a decline in our financial condition and results of operations. 

We import most of our mining supplies products from overseas. Fluctuations in exchange rates on foreign currencies and import domestic tariffs could adversely affect our results in the event that our imported products sales prices cannot be increased to offset a potential exchange fluctuation or imposed tariffs negative impact. From time to time, as and when we determine it is appropriate and advisable to do so, we will seek to mitigate the effect of exchange rate fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments. We cannot assure that we will continue this practice or be successful in these efforts. 

Our growth strategy which, if successful, will place significant demands on us and subject us to numerous risks. 

Growing businesses often have difficulty managing their growth. If our growth strategy is successful, significant demands will be placed on our management, accounting, financial, information and other systems and on our business. We will have to expand our management and recruit and employ experienced executives and key employees capable of providing the necessary support. In addition, to manage our anticipated growth we will need to continue to improve our financial, accounting, information and other systems in order to effectively manage our growth and, in doing so, could incur substantial additional expenses that could harm our financial results. We cannot assure you that our management will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully, or that our financial, accounting, information or other systems will be able to successfully accommodate our external and internal growth. Our failure to meet these challenges could materially impair our business. 

We may undertake acquisitions which pose risks to our business. 

As part of our growth strategy, we have and may in the future acquire or enter into joint venture arrangements with, form strategic alliances with, invest in, or acquire complementary businesses. Any such acquisition, investment, strategic alliance or related effort will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in such transactions. These risks may include: 

Difficulty of identifying appropriate acquisition candidates; 

Paying more than the acquired company is worth; 

Difficulty in assimilating the operations of the new business; 

Costs associated with the development and integration of the operations of the new entity; 

Existing business may be disrupted; 

Entering markets in which we have little or no experience; 

Accounting for acquisitions could require us to amortize substantial intangible assets (goodwill), adversely affecting our results of operations; 

Inability to retain the management and key personnel of the acquired business; 

Inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; or 

Customer attrition with respect to customers acquired through the acquisition. 

9

We cannot assure you that we would successfully overcome these risks or any other problems associated with any acquisition, investment, strategic alliances, or related efforts. Also, if we use our common stock in connection with an acquisition, your percentage ownership in us will be reduced and you may experience additional dilution. 

Our business may be impacted by political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters and other circumstances that are not within our control . 

War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a material adverse effect on us, our suppliers, and manufacturing vendors. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents, terrorist attacks, and other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues, and other events beyond our control. Such events could decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to make and deliver products to our customers, or to receive products from our manufacturers and suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. If major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be adversely affected by more stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production ramps of new products, and disruptions in the operations of our manufacturing vendors and suppliers. In the event of a natural disaster, we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. 

Increased IT security threats and sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. 

We rely on information technology ("IT") systems and networks in connection with our business activities, and we collect and store sensitive data. IT security threats and sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems, are increasing in sophistication and frequency. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. As we grow, we may experience attempts from hackers and other third parties to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems and networks. Any such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. While we actively manage IT risks within our control, we can provide no assurance that our actions will be successful in eliminating or mitigating risks to our systems, networks and data. A failure of or breach in IT security could expose us and our customers and suppliers to risks of misuse of information or systems, the compromise of confidential information, manipulation and destruction of data and operations disruptions. Any of these events in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business and results of operations. In addition, such breaches in security could result in litigation, regulatory action and potential liability, as well as the costs and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures. 

Risks Related to Our Company 

Investor confidence in the price of our stock may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

As an SEC registrant, we are subject to the rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which require us to include in our annual report on Form 10-K our management s report on, and assessment of the effectiveness of, our internal control over financial reporting management s report ). If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, there is a risk that we will not comply with all of the requirements imposed by Section 404. Moreover, effective internal control over financial reporting, particularly that relating to revenue recognition, is necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and is important in helping to prevent financial fraud. Any of these possible outcomes could result in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss in investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which ultimately could harm our business and could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Investor confidence and the price of our common stock may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

In order to comply with public reporting requirements, we must continue to strengthen our financial systems and controls, and failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to provide timely and accurate financial statements. 

Refinement of our internal controls and procedures will be required as we manage future growth successfully and operate effectively as a public company. Such refinement of our internal controls, as well as compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related requirements, will be costly and will place a significant burden on management. We cannot assure you that measures already taken, or any future measures, will enable us to provide accurate and timely financial reports, particularly if we are unable to hire additional personnel in our accounting and financial department, or if we lose personnel in this area. Any failure to improve our internal controls or other problems with our financial systems or internal controls could result in delays or inaccuracies in reporting financial information, or non-compliance with SEC reporting and other regulatory requirements, any of which could adversely affect our business and stock price. 

10

Certain provisions of our charter and bylaws may discourage mergers and other transactions. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may make it more difficult for someone to acquire control of us. These provisions may make it more difficult for stockholders to take certain corporate actions and could delay or prevent someone from acquiring our business. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. The ability to issue blank check preferred stock is a traditional anti-takeover measure. This provision may be beneficial to our management and the board of directors in a hostile tender offer, and may have an adverse impact on stockholders who may want to participate in such tender offer, or who may want to replace some or all of the members of the board of directors. 

Our board of directors may issue additional shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Accordingly, our board of directors may, without shareholder approval, issue one or more new series of preferred stock with rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, the issuance of shares of preferred stock may have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging, an acquisition or change of control of TX Holdings. Although we do not have any current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock, we may do so in the future. 

We depend on key personnel and an independent sales agent . 

Our success depends on the contributions of our key management personnel, including Mr. William Buck Shrewsbury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Jose Fuentes, our Chief Financial Officer. If we lose the services of any of such personnel we could be delayed in or precluded from achieving our business objectives. 

In addition, the loss of our independent sales agents could temporarily jeopardize our relations with our customers. Our agreement with such sales agents is terminable upon 30 days notice. Any loss of sales agents would jeopardize the stability of our infrastructure and our ability to provide the service levels our customers expect. 

The loss of any of our key officers or our sales agents could impair our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. 

We may need to attract and retain additional skilled personnel to develop our business and attract customers . 

In the future, we may need to attract, train, motivate and retain additional highly skilled managerial and sales personnel. Competition for such personnel with appropriate qualifications and skills is intense. Locating candidates with the appropriate qualifications, particularly in the desired geographic location, can be costly and difficult. We may not be able to hire the necessary personnel to implement our business strategy, or we may need to provide higher compensation to such personnel than we currently anticipate. If we fail to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees or sales agents, our ability to provide the necessary products may be limited and, as a result, we may be unable to attract customers and grow our business. 

There is a limited market for our shares. 

Our shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. s Pink marketplace. As a result, relatively small trades in our stock could have disproportionate effect on our stock price. In addition, many institutional investors, which account for significant trading activity, are restricted from investing in stocks that trade below specified prices, have less than specified market capitalizations, or have less than specified trading volume. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. A limited trading volume may limit the ability of our shareholders to resell their shares at times and in such amounts as they may desire. No assurance can be given that an active market will develop for our common stock or, if it develops, that it will continue. 

11

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions or covenants in our bank indebtedness, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. Accordingly, investors will only see a return on their investment if the value of our securities appreciates. 

Our directors and named executive officers own a substantial percentage of our common stock. 

As of September 30, 2019, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned approximately 28.07 of our shares of common stock. Our directors and executive officers are entitled to cast an aggregate of approximately 13,487,980 votes on matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote or approximately 28.07 of the total number of votes entitled to be cast at a meeting of our stockholders. These stockholders, if they acted together, could exert substantial control over matters requiring approval by our stockholders. These matters would include the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may discourage or prevent someone from acquiring our business. 

Future sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders may cause our stock price to fall. 

The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales by our existing stockholders of shares of common stock in the market or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales might also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities at a time and price that we deem appropriate and thus inhibit our ability to raise additional capital when it is needed. 

Our common stock is subject to the SEC s p enny s tock r egulations. 

Our common stock is subject to the SEC s penny stock rules. These regulations define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, these rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the sales person, current quotations for the securities, information on the limited market in penny stocks and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. In addition, the broker-dealer must obtain a written statement from the customer that such disclosure information was provided and must retain such acknowledgment for at least three years. Further, monthly statements must be sent disclosing current price information for the penny stock held in the account. The penny stock rules also require that broker-dealers engaging in a transaction in a penny stock make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. The foregoing rules may materially and adversely affect the market for, and liquidity of, our common stock, including the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock, the ability of holders of our shares to obtain accurate price quotations and may therefore impede the ability of holders of our common stock to sell such securities in the secondary market. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

As an issuer of penny stock, the protection provided by federal securities laws related to forward looking statements does not apply to us. 

Although federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to issuers of penny stock. As a result, we may not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event of any legal action based upon a claim that the material provided by us contained a material misstatement of fact or was misleading in any material respect because of our failure to include any statements necessary to make the statements not misleading. Such an action could hurt our financial condition. 

12

Our stock price is volatile. 

The stock market from time to time experiences significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our common stock to drop. In addition, the market price of our common stock is highly volatile. Factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to drop include: 

fluctuations in our results of operations; 

timing and announcements of new customer orders, new products, or those of our competitors; 

any acquisitions that we make or joint venture arrangements we enter into with third parties; 

changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock; 

failure of our results of operations to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors; 

increases in the number of outstanding shares of our common stock resulting from sales of new shares, or the exercise of warrants, stock options or convertible securities; 

reluctance of any market maker to make a market in our common stock; 

changes in investors perception of the United States coal mining industry and related supply businesses; and 

general stock market conditions. 

Risks Related to Our Industr y 

Our business is materially impacted by cyclical economic conditions affecting the U.S. and global mining industry. 

Changes in economic conditions affecting the domestic and global mining industry can occur abruptly and unpredictably, which may have significant effects on our sales. Cyclicality is driven, primarily, by price volatility of coal, as well as product life cycles, competitive pressures and other economic factors affecting the U.S. mining industry, such as company consolidations and mergers, bankruptcies, increased regulation of the U.S. coal mining or electrical utility industry, and competition affecting demand for coal, and the broader economy, including changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and from market expectations with respect to such policies. Falling prices for coal have in the past, and may in the future, lead to reduced production levels of existing mines, a contraction in the number of existing mines and the closure of less efficient mines, and are likely to lead to a decrease in demand for our mining supplies and rail products. Conversely, rising coal prices typically lead to the expansion of existing mines, opening of new mines or re-opening of less efficient mines. Increased mining activity typically leads to an increase in demand for our mining supplies and rail products. In addition to declining orders for our products and services, adverse economic conditions for our customers may make it more difficult for us to collect accounts receivable in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect our working capital. As a result of this cyclicality in the global mining industry, we have experienced significant fluctuations in our business, results of operations and financial condition, and we expect our business to continue to be subject to these fluctuations in the future. 

We are largely dependent on the continued demand for coal, which is subject to economic and climate related risks 

Many of our customers supply coal for the generation of electricity and/or steel production. Demand for steel is affected by the global level of economic activity and economic growth. The pursuit of the most cost effective form of electricity generation continues to take place throughout the world and coal-fired electricity generation faces intense price competition from other fuel sources, particularly natural gas. In addition, coal combustion generates significant greenhouse gas emissions and governmental and private sector goals and mandates to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may increasingly affect the mix of electricity generation sources. Further developments in connection with legislation, regulations, international agreements or other limits on greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts or costs from coal combustion, both in the United States and in other countries, could diminish demand for coal as a fuel for electricity generation. If lower greenhouse gas emitting forms of electricity generation, such as nuclear, solar, natural gas or wind power, become more prevalent or cost effective, or diminished economic activity reduces demand for steel, demand for coal will decline. Reduced demand for coal would result in reduced demand for our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13

Environmental regulations impacting the mining industry may adversely affect demand for our products. 

Our customers operations are subject to or affected by a wide array of regulations in the U.S., including those directly impacting coal mining activities and those indirectly affecting their businesses, such as applicable environmental laws. In addition, new environmental legislation or administrative regulations relating to coal mining or affecting demand for mined supplies, or more stringent interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may require our customers to significantly change or curtail their operations. The high cost of compliance with environmental regulations may discourage our customers from expanding existing coal mines or developing new mines and may also cause customers to limit or even discontinue their mining operations. As a result of these factors, demand for the mining equipment and rail products we distribute could be adversely affected by environmental regulations directly or indirectly impacting the coal mining industry. Any reduction in demand for our products as a result of environmental regulations is likely to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Demand for our products may be adversely impacted by regulations related to mine safety. 

Our principal customers are surface and underground coal mining companies. The coal mining industry has encountered increased scrutiny as it relates to safety regulations, primarily due to recent high profile mining accidents. New legislation or regulations relating to mine safety standards and the increased cost of compliance with such standards may induce customers to discontinue or limit their mining operations and may discourage companies from developing new mines, which in turn could diminish demand for our products. 

We may face competition from manufacturers and other d istributors of mining supplies and rail products . 

The market for our mining supplies is highly fragmented and we face competition from other companies offering products they manufacture or distribute that are competitive with our products. We also face potential competition from other companies that manufacture and sell rail products. Business in general is highly competitive, and we compete with both large manufacturers and smaller companies that manufacture and/or distribute drill bits and related products to the coal industry, in some instances in accordance with customer requirements and specifications. Some of our competitors have more capital, longer operating and market histories, greater manufacturing capabilities, and greater resources than we have, and may offer a broader range of products and at lower prices than we offer. 

L iability claims may occur if our products are defective . 

Any failure by our engineered metalwork products and tools could expose us to claims for negligence, breach of contract, personal injury, wrongful death, and products liability. Any such claims could be costly to defend and divert management time and resources. In addition, we cannot make assurances that we will have appropriate insurance available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates to cover such claims. Currently, we maintain general liability insurance in the amount of 1,000,000. Such coverage may not be adequate to cover any claim that may be made against us. Claims brought against us that are not covered by insurance or that result in recoveries in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our future operating results may be affected by fluctuations in the prices and availability of raw materials. 

The raw materials used in the manufacture of our products include ore for our steel products and carbide for our drilling bit products . Our manufacturing vendors are supplied with a significant portion of their raw materials from sources outside the U.S. The raw materials industry as a whole is highly cyclical and at times pricing and supply can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including natural disasters, general economic and political conditions, labor costs, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rate fluctuations. This volatility can significantly affect our suppliers raw material costs. In an environment of increasing raw material prices, competitive conditions can affect how much of the price increases in raw materials that we can recover in the form of higher sales prices for our products. To the extent our manufacturer vendors pass on the cost of such increases and we are unable to pass on any raw material price increases to our customers, our profitability would be adversely affected. Furthermore, restrictions on the supply of tungsten and other raw materials could adversely affect our operating results. If the prices for such raw materials increase or our manufacturing vendors are unable to secure adequate supplies of raw materials on favorable terms, our profitability could be impaired. 

ITEM 1B . UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Disclosure in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company. 

14

ITEM 2 . PROPERT IES 

Our principal executive offices and other facilities consist of approximately 4,800 square feet of office and warehouse space and certain land located at 12080 Virginia Blvd, Ashland, Kentucky, which we lease from Mr. Shrewsbury, our CEO, and Mrs. Shrewsbury pursuant to the terms of a lease we entered into with them on November 19, 2012, for a monthly lease payment of 2,000. The lease had a two year term starting October 1, 2012 and ending August 31, 2014. On September 1, 2014, the parties agreed to extend the lease for an additional 24 month period upon the same terms and conditions. Subsequently, the Company has extended the lease three times upon the same terms and conditions with a new ending term of August 31, 2020. As of September 30, 2019, the Company had accrued but unpaid lease payments due to Mr. and Mrs. Shrewsbury in the amount of 108,000; accordingly, the Company may be deemed to be in default under the terms of the lease agreement with Mr. and Mrs. Shrewsbury. However, the Company has not received a notice of default or termination under the lease agreement as of the date of the filing of this report. The Company believes that such office, warehouse and land space will be sufficient for its current needs. 

ITEM 3 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5 . MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY , RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Market Group, Inc. s Pink marketplace under the symbol TXHG. 

The following table provides the high and low bid prices of our common stock for each quarterly period during the two most recent fiscal years as regularly quoted by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. s Pink marketplace. The quotations set forth below reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 

High 

Low 

September 30, 2019 

0.009 

0.006 

June 30, 2019 

0.014 

0.006 

March 31, 2019 

0.012 

0.006 

December 31, 2018 

0.011 

0.006 

September 30, 2018 

0.020 

0.010 

June 30, 2018 

0.024 

0.015 

March 31, 2018 

0.034 

0.016 

December 31, 2017 

0.017 

0.009 

As of September 30, 2019, there were approximately 655 holders of record of our shares of common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions and covenants included under our bank indebtedness, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. 

15

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

On May 16, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 400,000 common stock purchase warrants to a sales agent. The warrants were issuable over a four-year period in equal tranches of 50,000. The first tranche was issued on July 1, 2012, followed by additional tranches every six months thereafter with the last tranche to be issued on January 1, 2016. The warrants were exercisable at a price of 0.10 per share subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments in the event of stock dividends, subdivisions, capital reorganizations, a consolidation or merger, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, become exercisable upon the date of issuance and expire two years after the date of such issuance. The warrants were issuable in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. As of September 30, 2018, all warrants issuable to the sales agent have expired, with the last 50,000 tranche expiring on January 1, 2018. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not purchase any of our equity securities during the year ended September 30, 2019. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Disclosure in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 7 . MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Introduction 

You should read the following summary together with the more detailed information , consolidated financial statements and financial notes , and the schedules appearing elsewhere in this report. Throughout this report when we refer to the Company, TX Holdings, we, our or us, we mean TX Holdings, Inc. 

The discussion and analysis contained in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is based upon our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, intangible assets, and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience, where available, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 

Except for historical information, the statements and other information contained in this MD A are forward-looking. Our actual results could differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements, which include certain risks and uncertainties. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report on our financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2019, and September 30, 2018, contains an explanatory paragraph that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Accordingly, careful consideration of such opinion should be given in determining whether to continue or become our stockholder. 

Please refer to and carefully consider the factors described in the Risk Factors section in this report. 

Business and Operational Overview 

Our Business 

We are in the business of supplying, distributing and selling drill bits, related tools, and other mining supplies, rail and rail material directly and through other suppliers to United States coal mining companies for use in their production and transportation processes. Our coal mining customers are primarily located in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia. Our principal executive offices and warehousing facility is located in Ashland, Kentucky. 

16

We purchase mining supplies from several manufacturers and rail products from several suppliers of such products. The products are shipped to our warehouse in Ashland, Kentucky, and then distributed to our customers. Our products are transported primarily by road to our customers. Shipping costs are born by our customers. 

We distribute and sell our products through two independent sales agents who are compensated on a commission basis. 

We were incorporated in the State of Georgia in 2000. 

Recent Developments in U.S. Coal Industry 

Although, the Company has experienced an increase in sales starting in the second fiscal quarter of 2017 as compared to the two prior years, when the U.S. Coal industry was facing declining U.S. coal production and bankruptcies and restructurings among certain U.S. coal companies, the demand for, and production of, coal continue to be adversely affected by several factors, including increased environmental regulation in the U.S., declining coal consumption in the electric power sector, increased competition from natural gas, and a strong U.S. dollar. 

The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) forecasted in its Short-Term Energy Outlook (STEO) released October 8, 2019, that U. S. coal production will decline by 10 to 679MMst in 2019, which would be a 76MMst decline from the 2018 level. Declining coal demand and related bankruptcies, ownership changes, and sudden closures have contributed to a fluctuating production environment. The EIA also expects coal production to decline further by 11 in 2020 to 603MMst. 

Coal consumption in the United States decreased for the fifth consecutive year in 2018, reaching 13.2 quads, the lowest level since 1975 and about half of its peak in 2005. In 1950, nearly half of the U.S. coal consumption was in the industrial sector (47 ), and the transportation sector also consumed a significant share (13 ). However, since the 1960s nearly all U.S. coal has been used to generate electricity. In 2018, the electric power sector accounted for 91 of U.S. coal consumption. 

The United States is a net exporter of coal. The U.S coal exports reached a high of 126MMst equal to 12 of U.S. coal production in 2012. U.S. coal export decline each year from 2012 through 2016 and then increased in 2017 and 2018, the United States exported about 116 MMst of coal which equal about 15 of U.S. coal production. The coal is exported to at least 52 countries with the top five destination going to India, The Netherlands, Japan, South Korea and Brazil. 

EIA expects U.S. CO2 emissions in 2019 to decline because the share of electricity generated from natural gas and renewables will increase while the share generated from coal, which is more carbon-intensive energy source, will decrease. 

Continued distress in the U.S. coal mining industry will materially affect the demand for our products. 

Results of Operations 

Our revenues for the year ended September 30, 2019, were 3,934,689 as compared to 3,840,095 for 2018. 

Gross profit as a percentage of sales in the year decreased by 1.3 when compared to 2018. 

We had net income of 42,444 in fiscal 2019 compared to a net loss of 55,200 in 2018. The year ended September 30, 2019, is the first fiscal year in which we have reported net income after four consecutive loss years. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At September 30, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents of 17,098 compared to cash and cash equivalents of 36,609 at September 30, 2018 a decrease of 19,511. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 64,331 during the year ended September 30, 2019, comparing negatively to net cash used in operating activities of 5,281 in 2018. 

Cash flow provided in financing activities was 10,500 for the year ended September 30, 2019 and there was no cash flow from investing activities for the year ended September 30, 2018. 

17

Cash provided by financing activities during the current year was 34,320 as compared to cash provided in financing activities of 1,545 in 2018. The current year cash provided by financing activities resulted from stockholder s net advances of 89,000, partially offset by a repayment of our term loan of 54,680. During 2018, cash provided in stockholder s net advance was 58,500 and cash repayment of our term loan was 56,955. 

Mr. William Shrewsbury, our Chairman and CEO, has provided financing in the form of a consolidated promissory note in the amount of 2,000,000 Consolidated Note on which we have accrued interest of 559,726, and the principal and interest under the Consolidated Note is due February 24, 2024 The principal bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum or prime rate if higher than 5 per annum, and is subject to certain events of default. Accrued interest of 100,000 per-year due on the Promissory Note was recorded for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018. The Consolidated Note is secured or otherwise payable by us out of the death benefit proceeds of key man insurance of 2 million that has been purchased by us on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury. As of September 30, 2019, Mr. Shrewsbury had also provided non-interest-bearing advances to us of 181,487. Also, as of September 30, 2019, the Company has a 108,000 payable due to Mr. Shrewsbury for warehouse rental space. 

In November 2012, we obtained a bank line of credit of 250,000 which was subsequently increased to 750,000. The line of credit was secured by a lien on our inventory and accounts receivable and guaranteed by Mr. Shrewsbury. On December 3, 2015, we entered into a new loan agreement with a bank under which we obtained a term loan in the amount of 711,376. We utilized proceeds of the new loan to repay our line of credit. The new loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020. Interest under the new loan is variable and is based upon the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, currently 5.00 per annum. 

Our indebtedness to Mr. Shrewsbury is subordinated to the new bank loan. During the current year, we repaid 54,680 leaving an outstanding balance of 494,370 under the new loan. 

Our success is dependent upon our ability to increase sales of our rail products and mining supplies, of which there can be no assurance. 

We were incorporated in the State of Georgia in May, 2000. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended September 30, 20 1 9 Compared w ith Year Ended September 30, 20 1 8 

Revenues from Operations 

Revenues for 2019 and 2018 were 3,934,689 and 3,840,095, respectively, an increase for 2019 of 94,594 or approximately 2.5 . The increase in revenue in 2019 resulted from higher sales of our rail supplies related products, partially offset by lower sales of mining supplies related products. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

During 2019, cost of goods sold was 3,313,609 as compared to cost of goods sold of 3,184,900 for 2018, an increase of 128,709 or 4.0 . The increase in cost of goods is solely related to the increase in sales over the prior year. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales increased from 82.9 in 2018 to 84.2 in 2019. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for 2019 was 621,080, a decrease of 34,115 or 5.26 when compared to 2018. The lower gross profit is the result of higher sales of lower margin products during 2019 as compared to 2018. 

Operating Expense s 

The Company incurred operating expenses of 552,307 in 2019 as compared to 597,463 in 2018, a decrease of 45,156 or approximately 7.6 . As a percentage of revenue, operating expenses decreased from 15.5 in 2018 to 14.0 in 2019. The decrease is attributed to lower commission expense, professional fees and bad debt expense in the current fiscal year while generating higher revenue during 2019. 

18

The following table details the components of operating expenses, as well as the dollar and percentage changes for the year end periods. 

Year Ended 

9/30/2019 

9/30/2018 

Change 

Change 

Operating Expense 

Commission expense 

123,053 

159,027 

(35,974 

(22.6 

Professional fees 

8,359 

23,840 

(15,481 

(64.9 

Bad debt expense 

14,621 

37,672 

(23,051 

(61.2 

Depreciation expense 

7,168 

7,168 

0 

0.0 

Other operating expense 

399,106 

369,756 

29,350 

7.9 

Total 

552,307 

597,463 

(45,156 

(7.6 

Commission expense for the year ended September 30, 2019 was 123,053 compared to 159,027 for the same period in 2018, a decrease of 35,974 or 22.6 . The lower commission, during the year ended September 30, 2019, is a direct result of lower margin sales and bad debt expense write-offs partially offset by higher sales resulting from operational increase in the domestic coal mining industry. As a percentage of revenue, commission expense decreased from 4.1 in 2018 to 3.1 in 2019. 

Professional fees decrease 15,481 or 64.9 for the year ended September 30, 2019, as compared to the prior year. The lower expenses were the result of lower legal expenses, related to general corporate matters. 

Bad debt expense decreased 23,051 or 62.1 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2019, as compared to the prior year. Bad debt expense recorded for one major customer filing for bankruptcy during year ended 2018 accounted for the higher expense. 

Depreciation expenses remains at 7,168 for the year 2019 as in the prior year. 

For the year ended September 30, 2019, other operating expenses were 399,106, an increase of 29,350 or 7.9 from the 369,756 incurred during 2018. The higher operating expenses in the current year resulted from higher delivery truck s repairs and maintenance expense of 23,898 and, an increase in travel and entertainment expense of 7,998 over the prior year. 

Income / Loss from O perations 

For 2019, we had income from operations of 68,773 as compared to income from operations of 57,732 in 2018, an increase of 11,041 or 19.1 . The increase in income from operations resulted from lower operating expense of 45,156 in 2019 as compared to the prior year. Lower profit margins in 2019 from 2018 negatively impacted the income from operations by 34,115. 

Other Income and E xpense) 

Other expense was 26,329 in 2019 as compared to 112,932 in 2018, a decrease of 86,603. The lower expense is the result of a vendor credit of 93,545 for inventory previously written-off, partially offset by a 7,000 loss on disposal of a fixed asset. 

Net Income/(l oss 

During 2019 the Company had a net income of 42,444 compared to a net loss of 55,200 for 2018, representing a net loss decrease of 97,644. The decrease resulted from a 93,545 vendor credit for inventory previously written-off and, higher income from operation of 11,041 due to lower operating expenses. 

19

Net Loss Per Common Share 

Net earnings per share (basic and diluted) as a result of the net income remains a positive 0.00 in 2019, compared to a negative 0.00 in the prior year. 

Net Operating Loss Carry Forward for Tax Purposes 

As of September 30, 2019, the Company had tax net operating loss carry forwards totaling approximately 8,070,000, which expire in 2019 through 2038. Approximately 1,200,000 of such net operating losses were incurred prior to December 12, 2002 at which date MA N acquired 51 of the Company and are consequently subject to certain limitation described in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.The Company estimates that, due to the limitations and expiration dates, only 424,000 of the net operating losses incurred prior to December 12, 2002 will be available to offset future taxable income. 

There can be no assurance that these deferred tax assets will ever be used. A deferred tax asset can be used only if there is future taxable income, of which there can be no assurance. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table presents a summary of our net cash provided by/(used in) operating, investing and financing activities: 

Year Ended 

Liquidity and capital resources 

9/30/2019 

9/30/2018 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(64,331 

(5,281 

Net cash provided in investing activities 

10,500 

- 

Net cash provided in financing activities 

34,320 

1,545 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash equivalents 

(19,511 

(3,736 

At September 30, 2019, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 17,098 compared to cash and cash equivalents of 36,609 at September 30, 2018 a decrease of 19,511. The decrease in cash is the direct result of the net cash used in operating activities of 64,331 partially offset by cash provided in investing activities of 10,500 and net cash from financing activities of 34,320. 

Cash Flows Provided/( U sed in Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating activities during 2019 was 64,331 as compared to cash used in operating activities of 5,281 during 2018. 

During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company incurred a net income of 42,444. 

In the current year the Company increased its inventory by 33,089 and, accounts receivable net by 15,662; accounts payable decreased by 208,868 and, the Company received a customer s sales advance of 96,000. 

The increases in inventory and accounts receivables is the direct result of higher sales in the current year as it compares to the prior year and, the anticipation of future higher customers sales demand. 

Accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2019, increased by 12,543. The increase results primarily from accrued interest of 100,000 on a loan due to Mr. Shrewsbury, partially offset by a reduction in accrued payroll and payroll taxes related expenses of 87,457 in 2019. 

Accounts payable decreased 208,868 in 2019 compared to a decrease of 124,920 in the prior year. The current year decrease in payable is the result of higher payments of vendors outstanding payables and a 93,545 vendor credit for inventory previously written-off. 

20

Cash Flows Provided in Investing Activities 

The sale of a fixed asset generated a 10,500 cash flow for the current year. There were no investing activities during 2018. 

Cash Flows Provided /(used) in Financing Activities 

During 2019, cash provided by financing activities was 34,320 as compared to cash provided in financing activities of 1,545 during 2018. During 2019, the Company repaid 54,680 on the outstanding term loan and received proceeds from stockholder/officer s net advances of 89,000. In 2018 the Company repaid 56,955 on the term loan and received net advances from our CEO of 58,500. 

The Company s primary source of financing during 2019 was advances received from our CEO. 

In November 2012, we obtained a 250,000 line of credit from a bank. On August 26, 2014, the bank increased the Company s existing bank line of credit from 250,000 to 750,000 and extended the term of the loan. The loan which was refinanced in December 2015 was secured by a priority security interest in the Company s inventory and accounts receivable and matured on November 7, 2015. Interest on the loan was payable monthly and was calculated on the basis of a variable index. As of September 30, 2015, the Company had borrowed 712,449 under the loan. The rate of interest under the loan was 3.25 per annum. Principal, interest and collection costs under the loan were guaranteed by Mr. Shrewsbury. On December 3, 2015, we obtained a new term loan from the bank in the amount of 711,376. We utilized the proceeds of the new loan to repay the line of credit. The new loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020. During the term of the loan we have agreed to make equal monthly repayments of principal and interest of 6, 967 commencing January 3, 2016 and a final payment on December 3, 2020, of the outstanding balance of the interest and principal then due, estimated to be approximately 425,539. Interest under the new loan is variable and is based upon the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, currently 5.00 per annum. In the event of a default, interest under the loan may be increased by 2 . The new loan is secured by a priority security interest in our inventory and accounts receivable and guaranteed by our CEO. As of September 30, 2019, the term loan balance is 494,370. 

On February 25, 2014, the Company and Mr. Shrewsbury entered into an agreement to consolidate an aggregate of 2,000,000 of the amounts due to Mr. Shrewsbury and issued in replacement a Secured Consolidated Note Consolidated Note for such amount. The Consolidated Note bears interest at 5 per annum or prime rate if higher than 5 per annum, principal and interest are repayable ten years from February 25, 2014, and it is subject to customary events of default. Payment of the Consolidated Note is to be secured or otherwise payable by the Company out of the death benefit proceeds of key man insurance of 2 million that has been purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury. 

During 2019, the Company received 219,500 in cash advances from Mr. Shrewsbury and repaid 130,500, bringing the total outstanding advance balance to 181,487. Cash advances from Mr. Shrewsbury are repayable upon demand and do not bear interest. 

Property and Equipment, net, was 15,144 as of September 30, 2019 compared to 39,812 as of September 30, 2018. During 2019 the Company sold a brazing machine with a book value of 17,500 resulting in a 7,000 loss. Delivery equipment depreciation recorded in the current year accounts for a 7,168 net reduction in Property and Equipment. 

As of September 30, 2019, the Company had accrued and unpaid an amount of 304,179 due to Jose Fuentes, CFO, as payment for past services. 

Financial Condition and Going Concern Uncertainties 

Since inception, except for the six consecutive quarters ended June 30, 2014, and the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 and September 30, 2019, we have not generated sufficient cash to fund operations and have incurred operating losses. Currently, the Company will continue to rely substantially upon financing provided by Mr. Shrewsbury, our CEO, and secured bank indebtedness to fund its operations. In view of these matters, realization of certain assets in the accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations, which in turn, is dependent on our ability to meet our financial requirements, upon the continued provision of financing by Mr. Shrewsbury and under the Company s term loan, and the success of our future operations. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report on the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, contains an explanatory paragraph that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, careful consideration of such opinion should be given in determining whether to continue or to become our stockholder. 

21

As of September 30, 2019, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 17,098 as compared to 36,609 as of September 30, 2018. The 19,511 decrease in cash resulted primarily from an increase in inventory of 33,089), a 15,662) increase in accounts receivables (net of 14,621 bad debt write-off), a decrease in accounts payable of 208,868) and a decrease in accrued liabilities of 87,547); the negative cash variance was partially offset by cash generated from an increase in accrued interest to officers of 100.000, net cash advances from our CEO of 89,000, a customer s sales cash advance in the amount of 96,000, an increase in officers advances for operations of 24,000 and, an increase in other current liabilities of 5,191. 

The Company s accounts receivable was 275,356 as of September 30, 2019, as compared to 259,694 as of September 30, 2018, an increase of 15,662 or 6.0 . The increase is the result of managing the receivable balance to appropriate sales related levels. 

Inventory was 1,831,629 as of September 30, 2019 as compared to 1,798,540 as of September 30, 2018, an increase of 33,089 or 1.8 . The inventory increase is attributable to the increase in sales (2.5 in the current year over the prior year. 

During 2019, our stockholders deficit decreased from 15,611,136 in the prior year to 15,568,692, a decrease of 42,444 or 0.3 . The net income for the year ended September 30, 2019 accounts for the decrease in stockholders deficit. 

During the year ended September 30, 2019, the Company s net income was 42,444 compared to a net loss of 55,200 for 2018 representing a loss decrease of 97,644. The decrease can be directly attributed to a 93,545 vendor credit received in the current year for inventory previously written-off. 

Currently, in addition to funds utilized to purchase inventory, the Company is spending approximately 60,000 per month on operations. Management believes that the Company s cash flows from its operations, the loans and advances provided by Mr. Shrewsbury, and the loan provided by the bank to be sufficient to fund the Company operations for the next 12 months. However, the Company will require additional financing to meet any large capital requirements or to meet its current obligations if its business does not generate sufficient operational cash flow. 

The Company continues to rely substantially upon financings provided by Mr. Shrewsbury and the bank to fund its operations, discussed below. 

Bank Loan 

Under the terms of a business loan agreement, originally entered into on November 7, 2012, and as amended through August 26, 2014, the Company obtained a secured revolving line of credit in the amount of 750,000 from Town Square Bank. Interest on the loan was payable monthly in arrears. Interest under the loan was variable and based upon Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. 

On December 3, 2015, we entered into a new loan agreement with Town Square Bank pursuant to which we obtained a term loan in the amount of 711,376. We utilized proceeds of the new loan to repay our line of credit. The loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020. 

During the term of the loan, we have agreed to make equal monthly repayments of principal and interest of 6,967 commencing January 3, 2016, and to make a final payment on December 3, 2020, of the outstanding balance of the interest and principal then due, estimated to be approximately 425,539. Early repayment of amounts due under the loan will not affect the monthly repayment amount, unless otherwise agreed to by the bank. 

An event of default under the loan will occur upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

we fail to make any payment when due under the note; 

we fail to comply with any term, obligation, covenant or condition in the loan documents or any other agreement between the bank and the Company: 

we default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement or other agreement with any creditor that materially affects the Company s property or its ability to repay the loan or perform its obligation under the loan documents; 

a warranty, representation or statement we made to the bank under the loan document is or becomes materially false or misleading; 

the dissolution or termination of our existence, our insolvency, the appointment of a receiver for any part of our property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against us; 

22

the commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings by any creditor of ours or any governmental agency against any collateral securing the loan; 

any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any loan guarantor; 

a 25 or more change in the ownership of our common stock; 

a material adverse change in our financial condition, or the bank believes the prospect of payment or performance of the loan is impaired; or 

the bank in good faith believes itself insecure. 

The loan agreements contain certain affirmative covenants, including an obligation to: notify the bank of a material adverse change in our financial condition and of any threatened litigation or claim or other proceeding which could materially affect our financial condition; maintain certain liability insurance in amounts acceptable to the bank; maintain qualified executive and management personnel; comply with applicable environmental laws and perform environmental studies required by the bank; and certify annually to the bank compliance with the representations and warranties in the bank loan documents. The loan agreements contain certain other customary covenants, terms and conditions. 

In addition, the loan agreements contain certain negative covenants, including that we will not, without the bank s consent: 

incur any indebtedness other than to the bank or for trade debt incurred in the ordinary course; 

sell, transfer, mortgage, assign, pledge, lease, grant a security interest in, or encumber any of our assets, except for permitted liens; 

sell our accounts receivable, except to the bank; 

engage in business activities substantially different from our current activities; 

cease operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with another entity, change our name, dissolve, or sell the inventory or accounts receivable secured under the loan; 

pay any dividend other than in stock; 

lend money, invest or advance money or assets to another person or entity; 

purchase, create or acquire an interest in any other entity; 

incur any obligation as a surety or guarantor other than in the ordinary course; or 

enter into any agreement containing any provision which would be violated or breached by the performance of our obligations under the loan agreements. 

Interest under the loan is variable and is based upon the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, currently 5.00 per annum. In the event of a default, interest under the loan may be increased by 2 . The line of credit is secured by a priority security interest in the Company s inventory and accounts receivable and has been guaranteed by our CEO. 

Advances and Loans from Our Chief Executive Officer 

In connection with the expansion of the Company s business, Mr. Shrewsbury, our Chairman and CEO, provided financing to us in the form of demand notes and advances. On February 25, 2014, we entered into a Note Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement with Mr. Shrewsbury pursuant to which an aggregate of 2,000,000 in indebtedness due to Mr. Shrewsbury was consolidated and restructured and issued in exchange for such indebtedness a Consolidated Secured Promissory Note (the Consolidated Note) in the principal amount of 2,000,000. 

The principal and interest under the Consolidated Note is due and payable ten years from the date of issuance and is to be secured by the proceeds of key man insurance purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury. The Consolidated Note bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum except that, if the prime rate reported by the Wall Street Journal WSJ Prime Rate exceeds 5 , then the Consolidated Note will bear interest at the WSJ Prime Rate. As of September 30, 2019, accrued interest on the note was 559,726 

An event of default will occur under the Consolidated Note upon: 

the Company s failure to pay when due any principal or interest under the Consolidated Note; 

the violation by the Company of any covenant or agreement contained in the Consolidated Note, the Exchange Agreement or related transaction documents; 

an assignment for the benefit of creditors by the Company; 

the application for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator for the Company or for property of the Company; 

the filing of a petition in bankruptcy by or against the Company; 

the issuance of an attachment or the entry of a judgment against the Company in excess of 250,000; 

23

a default by the Company with respect to any other indebtedness or with respect to any installment debt whether or not owing to Mr. Shrewsbury; 

the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or a transfer of more than 51 of the Company s equity interests to a person not currently a holder of equity interests of the Company; 

the termination of existence or the dissolution of the Company; 

the death of Mr. Shrewsbury; or 

the failure to pay when due any premium under the key man policy required to be purchased on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury under the Exchange Agreement. 

In addition, in consideration of Mr. Shrewsbury agreeing to consolidate the indebtedness, the Company granted to Mr. Shrewsbury options to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock issued February 25, 2014. The options became exercisable on April 1, 2014 and expired on March 31, 2017. The options were exercisable at a price of 0.0924 per share subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments in the event of stock dividends, subdivisions, capital reorganizations, a consolidation or merger, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 

As of September 30, 2019, Mr. Shrewsbury had advanced an aggregate of 181,487 to the Company. The advances do not bear interest and are repayable upon demand. At September 30, 2019, the Company also has a payable of 108,000 to Mr. Shrewsbury for warehouse storage rental. 

The Consolidated Note and advances are subordinate to the Company s bank indebtedness. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This standard provides a single set of guidelines for revenue recognition to be used across all industries and requires additional disclosures. It is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard permits early adoption, but not before December 15, 2016, and permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. 

 Based on our assessment, we ascertained the new standard does not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations, and the new standard was adopted commencing the first interim fiscal period of 2019. We recognize revenue on sales to customers and distributors upon satisfaction of our performance obligations when the goods are delivered. For consignment sales, we recognize revenue when the goods are pulled from consignment inventory. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The standard requires all leases that have a term of over 12 months to be recognized on the balance sheet with the liability for lease payments and the corresponding right-of-use asset initially measured at the present value of amounts expected to be paid over the term. Recognition of the costs of these leases on the income statement will be dependent upon their classification as either an operating or a financing lease. Costs of an operating lease will continue to be recognized as a single operating expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Costs for a financing lease will be disaggregated and recognized as both an operating expense (for the amortization of the right-of-use asset) and interest expense (for interest on the lease liability). This standard will be effective for our annual periods, including interim periods therein, beginning on or after January 1, 2019, and must be applied on a modified retrospective basis to leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We currently have a one-year warehouse lease which we consider an operating lease. The new standard will have no impact on our financial statements and, the lease will continue to be recorded on a straight-line basis for the remaining lease term. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIV E DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Disclosure in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8 . FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The Company's balance sheets as of September 30, 2019 and 2018 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended have been audited by Turner, Stone and Company, LLP. Turner, Stone and Company, LLP is an independent registered public accounting firm. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to Regulation S-K as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are included herein pursuant to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. 

24

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - TABLE OF CONTENTS 

For the Years Ended September 30, 20 1 9 and 20 1 8 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

26 

Audited Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets at September 30, 2019 and 2018 

27 

Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

28 

Statements of Changes In Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 
			 
			 29 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

30 

Notes to Financial Statements 
			 31 

25

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of TX Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of TX Holdings, Inc. (the Company at September 30, 2019 and 2018 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated sufficient cash to fund its operations, has significant losses form operations since inception, has stockholders deficit and relies substantially upon financing from a related party. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

 Dallas, Texas 

 December 9, 2019 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

26

PART 1-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Item 1-Financial Statements 

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2019 and 2018 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2019 

2018 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

17,098 

36,609 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 0 at September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2018 

275,356 

259,694 

Inventory 

1,481,629 

1,798,540 

Other current assets 

2,158 

1,100 

Total current assets 

1,776,241 

2,095,943 

Inventory, non-current 

350,000 

- 

Property and equipment, net 

15,144 

39,812 

Total Assets 

2,141,385 

2,135,755 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses, primarily to officers, (Note 6) 

329,179 

416,636 

Accounts payable 

320,985 

529,853 

Accrued interest to officer 

559,726 

459,726 

Advances from officer, (Note 6) 

181,487 

92,487 

Deferred revenue 

96,000 

- 

Stockholder/officers advances for operations-warehouse rent, (Note 6) 

108,000 

84,000 

Bank-term loan-current portion 

69,011 

59,419 

Other current liability 

5,191 

- 

Total current liabilities 

1,669,579 

1,642,121 

Bank-term loan,less current portion 

425,359 

489,631 

Note payable to officer, (Note 6) 

2,000,000 

2,000,000 

Total Liabilities 

4,094,938 

4,131,752 

Commitments and contingencies, (Note 10) 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred stock: no par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized no shares outstanding 

- 

Common stock: no par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 48,053,084 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2019 and September 30, 2018 

9,293,810 

9,293,810 

Additional paid-in capital 

4,321,329 

4,321,329 

Accumulated deficit 

(15,568,692 

(15,611,136 

Total stockholders' deficit 

(1,953,553 

(1,995,997 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

2,141,385 

2,135,755 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

27

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2019 

2018 

Revenue 

3,934,689 

3,840,095 

Cost of goods sold 

(3,313,609 

(3,184,900 

Gross profit 

621,080 

655,195 

Operating expenses, except items shown separately below 

399,106 

369,756 

Commission expense 

123,053 

159,027 

Professional fees 

8,359 

23,840 

Bad debt expense 

14,621 

37,672 

Depreciation expense 

7,168 

7,168 

Total operating expenses 

552,307 

597,463 

Income from operations 

68,773 

57,732 

Other income and (expense): 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

(7,000 

- 

Other income 

112,043 

16,124 

Interest expense 

(131,372 

(129,056 

Total other income and (expense), net 

(26,329 

(112,932 

Net income/(loss) 

42,444 

(55,200 

Net loss per common share 

Basic 

0.00 

0.00 

Weighted average of common shares outstanding- 

Basic 

48,053,084 

48,053,084 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

28

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT 

For the Years Ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

Additional 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance at September 30, 2017 

- 

- 

48,053,084 

9,293,810 

4,321,329 

(15,555,936 

(1,940,797 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(55,200 

(55,200 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

- 

- 

48,053,084 

9,293,810 

4,321,329 

(15,611,136 

(1,995,997 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

42,444 

42,444 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

- 

- 

48,053,084 

9,293,810 

4,321,329 

(15,568,692 

(1,953,553 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

29

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

September 30, 

			 2019 

September 30, 

			 2018 

Cash flows provided/(used) in operating activities: 

Net income/(loss) 

42,444 

(55,200 

Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

7,168 

7,168 

Bad debt expense 

14,621 

37,632 

Loss on sale of fixed asset 

7,000 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

(30,283 

160,877 

Inventory 

(33,089 

(108,190 

Commission advances 

- 

22,648 

Other current assets 

(1,058 

1,786 

Other assets 

- 

500 

Accrued liabilities, primarily to officer, (Note 6) 

(87,457 

(21,719 

Accounts payable 

(208,868 

(124,920 

Accrued interest to officers 

100,000 

50,137 

Stockholder/officers advances for operations-warehouse rent 

24,000 

24,000 

Deferred revenue 

96,000 

- 

Other current liabilities 

5,191 

- 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(64,331 

(5,281 

Cash flows provided in investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of fixed asset 

10,500 

- 

Net cash provided/(used) in investing activities 

10,500 

- 

Cash flows provided/(used in financing activities: 

Repayment of bank term loan 

(54,680 

(56,955 

Proceeds from officer advances 

219,500 

305,900 

Repayment of officer advances 

(130,500 

(247,400 

Net cash provided in financing activities 

34,320 

1,545 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(19,511 

(3,736 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

36,609 

40,345 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

17,098 

36,609 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

28,928 

27,262 

Cash paid during the year for taxes 

- 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

30

TX HOLDINGS, INC . 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES 

BUSINESS 

TX Holdings, Inc, a Georgia corporation (the "Company", we , us or our ), is in the business of supplying, distributing and selling drill bits, related tools, and other mining supplies and rail products to United States coal mining companies and operators for use in their extraction and transportation processes. Our products are either shipped to our warehouse in Ashland, Kentucky, for distribution to our customers or shipped directly to our customers, including products we import once they have been received by us at a port and cleared customs. Our products are transported primarily by ground transportation to our customers. Shipping costs are born by our customers. 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Georgia on May 15, 2000. 

Rail and Mining Supplies Distribution Business 

Commencing in December 2011, the Company expanded and began focusing its business on the distribution of rail material and mining supplies consumed by the United States coal mining industry in its production and transportation processes. This includes rail and its various components and mining supplies, such as steel and tungsten carbide miner bits and augurs and related tools and material. 

In connection with the Company s business expansion, Mr. Shrewsbury, the Company s Chairman and CEO, has provided us with financing in the form of loans and advances and has guaranteed our bank term loan. 

On February 25, 2014, the Company and Mr. Shrewsbury entered into an agreement to consolidate certain indebtedness due to Mr. Shrewsbury in the aggregate amount of 2,000,000, including the principal due under a Revolving Demand Note Revolving Note in the principal amount of 1,062,000 and accrued but unpaid interest due thereunder as of January 31, 2014 in the amount of 168,905, the principal due under a 10 Promissory Note 10 Note in the amount of 289,997 and accrued but unpaid interest due thereunder as of January 31, 2014 in the amount of 93,252; and 385,846 of non-interest bearing advances previously made by Mr. Shrewsbury and outstanding as of January 31, 2014. The Company issued in exchange and in replacement therefor a Consolidated Secured Promissory Note (the Consolidated Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000. Upon issuance of the Consolidated Note, the Revolving Note and 10 Note were cancelled, and Mr. Shrewsbury agreed to waive any prior defaults under the terms of such notes and to release the Company from any claims related thereto. In addition, in consideration of Mr. Shrewsbury agreeing to consolidate and restructure the foregoing indebtedness, the Company granted to Mr. Shrewsbury options to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the terms of a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, issued February 25, 2014. The options were exercisable for a period of three years commencing April 1, 2014. The options were exercisable at a price of 0.0924 per share subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments in the event of stock dividends, subdivisions, capital reorganizations, a consolidation, merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets. The options expired on March 31, 2017. 

The Consolidated Note bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum or prime rate if higher than 5 per annum, is repayable in full ten years from the date of issuance and is subject to certain events of default. Payment of the Consolidated Note is to be secured or otherwise payable by the Company out of the death benefit proceeds of key man insurance of 2 million that has been purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury. The terms and conditions of the foregoing debt consolidation and restructuring were submitted to and unanimously approved by the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Company who are also qualified directors within the definition set forth in Section 14-2-862 of the Georgia Corporation Code. Mr. Shrewsbury has also advanced the Company an additional 181,487 at September 30, 2019, which is not interest bearing. The notes and advances due to Mr. Shrewsbury are subordinate to the Company s bank indebtedness. 

31

TX HOLDINGS , INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCO UNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES-C ontinued 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND GOING CONCERN CONSIDERATIONS 

Although the Company had positive cash flows during earlier years, the Company has not generated sufficient cash during recent years to fund its operations and relies substantially upon financing provided by Mr. Shrewsbury, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and a term loan that is guaranteed by Mr. Shrewsbury. 

In view of these matters, realization of certain assets in the accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations, which, in turn, is dependent upon our ability to meet our financial requirements, upon the continued availability of financing from Mr. Shrewsbury and under the Company s bank term loan, and the success of our future operations. 

The Company has incurred significant losses from operations since inception and has a stockholders deficit, both of which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company will continue its on-going efforts to increase our customer base and seek lower cost suppliers to generate future operating profits. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuing operations and realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to implement successfully its business plan and to become financially viable. The financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability of recorded assets nor the implications of associated bankruptcy costs should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The financial statements have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and U. S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions and calculated estimates that affect (a) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (b) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and (c) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

CASH AND CASH FLOWS 

For purposes of the statements of cash flows, cash includes demand deposits, time deposits, certificates of deposit and short-term liquid investments in government securities with original maturities of three months or less when purchased. The Company maintains deposits in two financial institutions. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation provides coverage up to 250,000 per depositor, per bank. At September 30, 2019, none of the Company s cash was in excess of federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risks from these deposits. 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS 

The Company s practice is to record an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. The estimate is based on management s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts and includes consideration for credit worthiness and financial condition of those customers. The Company reviews historical experience with its customers, the general economic environment and the aging of receivables to determine the adequacy of the allowance. The Company records an allowance to reduce receivables to the amount that can be reasonably expected to be collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts is 0 at September 30, 2019 and 2018. 

Company records an allowance to reduce receivables to the amount that can be reasonably expected to be collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts is 0 at September 30, 2019 and 2018. 

32

TX HOLDINGS , INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES-Continued 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS -Continued 

The Company wrote-off two uncollectable customer s account, due to bankruptcy and uncollectable balance in the amount of 14,621, during the current year. During fiscal year 2018 the Company wrote-off one uncollectable customer s account due to bankruptcy in the amount of 38,920. 

INVENTORY 

The Company s inventory consists of mine and rail inventory. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value. 

The following table details the inventory components: 

Year Ended 

9/30/201 9 

9/30/201 8 

Inventory 

Mining 

650,043 

729,169 

Rail 

1,181,586 

1,069,371 

Total 

1,831,629 

1,798,540 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment are stated at cost less depreciation. Major renewals and betterments are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs that do not materially improve or extend the useful lives of the assets are charged to expense as incurred. A depreciable life of seven (7) years and five (5) years are assigned to delivery trucks and equipment, respectively. Assets are depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. The Company records impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amounts of those assets (Note 2). 

REVENUE RECOGNITION 

On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606), using the modified retrospective method. Adoption of the new revenue standard had no impact on the Company s consolidated balance sheet, results of operations, equity or cash flows as of the adoption date. 

We recognize revenue on sales to customers and distributors upon satisfaction of our performance obligations when the goods are shipped. For consignment sales, we recognize revenue when the goods are pulled from consignment inventory. 

The Company s revenue stream is generated from sales of mine and rail related products. Sales are initiated directly from customers' orders or through a sales agent. Revenue is recognized generally upon shipment or delivery to our customers, depending upon the terms of the sales order. Control is considered transferred when title and risk of loss pass, when the customer is obligated to pay and, where required, when the customer has accepted the products. 

We recognize shipping fees, if any, received from our customers in revenue. We expense shipping and handling costs as incurred which are included in cost of goods sold on the statements of operations. 

33

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING 

POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES-Contin ued 

REVENUE CLASSES 

Selected financial information for the Company s operating revenue classes are as follows: 

Year Ended 

September 30, 2019 

September 30, 2018 

Revenue 

Rail Products 

3,744,447 

3,419,970 

Mining Products 

190,242 

420,125 

Total 

3,934,689 

3,840,095 

Direct cost of revenue 

Rail Products 

3,140,413 

2,817,698 

Mining Products 

173,196 

367,202 

Total 

3,313,609 

3,184,900 

STOCK BASED COMPENSATION 

The Company accounts for share-based expense and activity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board (FASB) ASC Topic 718 which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for services. Under this provision share-based compensation 

 costs are measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and are recognized as an expense over employee s requisite service period, generally the vesting period of the equity grant. 

The Company estimates the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Key input assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options include the exercise price of the award, expected option term, expected volatility of the stock over the option s expected term, risk-free interest rate over the option s expected term and the expected annual dividend yield. The Company believes that the valuation technique and approach utilized to develop the underlying assumptions are appropriate in calculating the fair value of the stock options granted. 

POTENTIALLY DILUTIVE OPTIONS AND WARRANTS 

As of September 30, 2019, and 2018 there were no outstanding options and warrants. 

34

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES - Continued 

INCOME TAXES 

Income taxes are estimated for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent future tax consequences of those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. 

Deferred taxes may also be recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. Deferred taxes are adjusted for changes in tax laws and tax rates when those changes are enacted. 

In assessing the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the reversal of any deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The Company includes fair value information in the notes to the financial statements when the fair value of its financial instruments is different from the book value. When the book value approximates fair value, no additional disclosure is made, which is the case for financial instruments outstanding as of September 30, 2019 and 2018. The book value of those financial instruments that are classified as current assets or liabilities approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. For non-current financial instruments, the Company uses quoted market prices or, to the extent that there are no quoted market prices, market prices for similar instruments. 

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 

ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with 

 U. S. generally accepted accounting principles, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. In general, fair values of financial instruments are based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation 

 adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments may include amounts to reflect counterparty credit quality and the customer s creditworthiness, among other things, as well as unobservable parameters. Any such valuation adjustments are applied consistently over time. 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE 

Net income or loss per share is computed based on current accounting guidance requiring companies to report both basic net income or loss per common share, which is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, and diluted net income per common share, which is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the weighted average dilutive potential common shares outstanding using the treasury stock method. 

As of September 30, 2019 and 2018 there were no unissued securities which were not included in the calculation of diluted net earnings per share. 

35

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACTIVITIES - Continued 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This standard provides a single set of guidelines for revenue recognition to be used across all industries and requires additional disclosures. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those periods. The standard permits early adoption, but not before December 15, 2016, and permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. 

On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606), using the modified 

 retrospective method. Adoption of the new revenue standard had no impact on the Company s balance sheet, results of 

 operations, equity or cash flows as of the adoption date. 

We recognize revenue on sales to customers and distributors upon satisfaction of our performance obligations when the goods are 

 shipped. For consignment sales, we recognize revenue when the goods are pulled from consignment inventory. 

 . 

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The standard requires all leases that have a term of over 12 months to be recognized on the balance sheet with the liability for lease payments and the corresponding right-of-use asset initially measured at the present value of amounts expected to be paid over the term. Recognition of the costs of these leases on the income statement will be dependent upon their classification as either an operating or a financing lease. Costs of an operating lease will continue to be recognized as a single operating expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Costs for a financing lease will be disaggregated and recognized as both an operating expense (for the amortization of the right-of-use asset) and interest expense (for interest on the lease liability). This standard will be effective for our interim and annual periods beginning on or after January1, 2019, and must be applied on a modified retrospective basis to leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. We implemented the standard on October 1, 2019 and the new standard did not have an impact on our financial statements. 

NOTE 2 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property and equipment consist of the following at September 30, 2019 and 2018: 

2019 

2018 

Delivery truck/trailer 

69,164 

69,164 

Other warehouse equipment 

13,144 

38,144 

Less accumulated depreciation 

(67,164 

(67,496 

15,144 

39,812 

Depreciation expense of 7,168 per year were recognized during the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018. 

36

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 - INCOME TAXES 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred taxes are as follows at September 30, 2019 and 2018: 

2019 

2018 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating losses 

1,532,000 

1,559,000 

Accrued expenses 

85,000 

81,000 

Valuation allowance 

(1,617,000 

(1,640,000 

Total deferred tax assets 

- 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Basis of property and equipment 

- 

- 

Net deferred tax asset 

- 

- 

Net operating losses after December 12, 2002 through September 30, 2019 were approximately 8,070,000. The Company has total net operating losses available to the Company to offset future taxable income of approximately 7,294,000. Following is a reconciliation of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the amount reported in the statement of operations: 

2019 

2018 

Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

Income tax expense/(benefit) at federal statutory rate 

9,000 

21 

(36,000 

(24 

Change in estimate 

13,000 

31 

1,025,000 

- 

Non-deductible expenses 

1,000 

2 

23,000 

- 

Increase/(decrease) in valuation allowance 

(23,000 

(54 

(1,012,000 

24 

Provision for income taxes, net 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The Company s valuation allowance attributable to its deferred tax assets decreased by 23,000 at September 30, 2019 and, decreased by 1,012,000 at September 30, 2018. 

The Company has tax net operating loss carry forwards totaling approximately 8,070,000, expiring in 2019 through 2038. Approximately 1,200,000 of net operating losses was incurred prior to December 12, 2002 at which date MA N acquired 51 of the Company and are consequently subject to certain limitation described in section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company estimates that, due to the limitations and expiration dates, only 424,000 of the net operating losses incurred prior to December 12, 2002 will be available to offset future taxable income. 

37

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4 - STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

PREFERRED STOCK 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. As of September 30, 2019 and 2018, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

COMMON STOCK 

Of the 250,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value, authorized for issuance by the Company, 48,053,084 shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2019 and 2018. 

STOCK WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

As of September 30, 2019 and 2018 there were no warrants outstanding with the last 50,000 tranche of an unexercised issue expiring on January 1, 2018. The warrants were not included in the calculation of diluted net earnings per share in 2018 since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 5 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceeding. 

NOTE 6 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

ADVANCES FROM OFFICER 

As of September 30, 2019 and 2018, Mr. Shrewsbury had advanced an aggregate of 181,487 and 92,487, respectively, to the Company. The advances do not bear interest and are repayable upon demand. The advances are subordinate to the Company s bank indebtedness. 

NOTES PAYABLE TO O FFICER 

On February 25, 2014, the Company and Mr. Shrewsbury entered into an agreement to consolidate certain indebtedness due to Mr. Shrewsbury in the aggregate amount of 2,000,000, including the principal due under a Revolving Demand Note Revolving Note in the principal amount of 1,062,000 and accrued but unpaid interest due thereunder as of January 31, 2014 in the amount of 168,905, the principal due under a 10 Promissory Note 10 Note in the amount of 289,997 and accrued but unpaid interest due thereunder as of January 31, 2014 in the amount of 93,252; and 385,846 of non-interest bearing advances previously made by Mr. Shrewsbury and outstanding as of January 31, 2014. The Company issued a Consolidated Secured Promissory Note (the Consolidated Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000 to reflect the consolidated indebtedness. Upon issuance of the Consolidated Note, the Revolving Note and 10 Note were cancelled and Mr. Shrewsbury agreed to waive any prior defaults under the terms of such notes and to release the Company from any claims related thereto. The Consolidated Note bears interest at the rate of 

 5 per annum or prime rate if higher than 5 per annum, is repayable in full ten years from the date of issuance and is subject to certain events of default. Payment of the Consolidated Note has been secured by the Company by the death benefit proceeds of a 2 million key man term life insurance policy purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury and that has been assigned to Mr. Shrewsbury. The terms and conditions of the foregoing debt consolidation and restructuring were submitted to and unanimously approved by the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Accrued interest of 100,000 per-year due on the Promissory Note was recorded for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018. Interest accrues at a rate of 100,000 per year on the promissory note. Accrued interest on the promissory note totaled 559,726 and 459,726 as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

38

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO F INANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS -Continued 

For the year ended September 30, 2019 and 2018, interest expense of 131,372 and 129,056, respectively, in the accompanying statements of operations, relates to the Consolidated Note, bank charges and the term loan arrangement. Unpaid interest on the Consolidated Note payable for the amount of 559,726 and 459,726 has been accrued as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

LEASE AGREEMENT WITH STOCKHOLDER AND OFFICER 

We lease approximately 4,800 square feet of office and warehouse space and certain land located at 12080 Virginia Blvd, Ashland, Kentucky, from Mr. Shrewsbury, our CEO, and Mrs. Shrewsbury pursuant to the terms of a lease we entered into with them on November 19, 2012, for a monthly lease payment of 2,000. The lease had a two-year term starting October 1, 2012 and ending August 31, 2014. On September 1, 2014 the lease was extended for an additional two years, and on September 1, 2016 and subsequently September 1, 2019 and 2018, the parties agreed to extend the lease for an additional one-year term, respectively, upon the same terms and conditions. As of September 30, 2019, the Company had accrued but unpaid lease payments due to Mr. and Mrs. Shrewsbury in the amount of 108,000; accordingly, the Company may be deemed to be in default under the terms of the lease agreement with Mr. and Mrs. Shrewsbury. However, the Company has not received a notice of default or termination under the lease agreement as of the date of the financial statements. The Company believes that such office, warehouse and land space will be sufficient for its current needs. A 24,000 lease expense was recorded during the current year as well as the prior year. 

FREIGHT PAID TO COMPANY CONTROLLED BY OFFICER/STOCKHOLDER 

The Company utilizes the services of a trucking company owned and controlled by Mr. Shrewsbury, our Chief Executive Officer, to transport certain of the Company s products to its customers. During the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018, such trucking company was paid 69,346 and 73,385, respectively, for such trucking services, which were included in our cost of sales amount. 

COMMISSIONS PAID TO COMPANY CONTROLLED BY OFFICER/S TOCKHOLDER 

In connection with the transportation and delivery of certain of the Company s products, the Company utilizes the services of a national transportation company. The chief executive officer and a principal stockholder of the Company owns and controls a company that is an agent of such transportation company. Such controlled company places orders for such transportation services on behalf of the Company and is paid a commission for such transportation services. During the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 the amounts of such commission were 13,193 and 10,975, respectively. 

ACCRUED OFFICER S SALARY 

As of September 30, 2019 and 2018, the Company had accrued and unpaid amounts of 304,179 and 358,479, respectively, due to Jose Fuentes, CFO, as payment for past services, which are included in our accrued liabilities amount. Payment of the accrued salary has been secured by the Company by the death benefit proceeds of a 500 thousand key man term life insurance policy purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Fuentes and that has been assigned to Mr. Fuentes. 

ADVANCES FROM STOCKHOLDE R AND OFFICER 

Included in the financial statements as of September 30, 2019 and 2018 are advances from stockholder and officer of 181,487 and 92,487, respectively. 

39

T X HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS -Continued 

September 

			 2019 

September 

			 201 8 

Beginning Balance 

92,487 

33,987 

Proceeds from Stockholder/Officer advances 

219,500 

256,000 

Repayment of stockholder/officer advances 

(130,500 

(197,500 

Ending Balance 

181,487 

92,487 

NOTE 7 NON - CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

None 

NOTE 8 BANK L OAN 

In November 2012, the Company obtained a 250,000 line of credit from a bank. On August 26, 2014, the bank increased the Company s existing bank line of credit from 250,000 to 750,000 and extended the term of the line of credit. The line of credit was secured by a priority security interest in the Company s inventory and accounts receivable and matured on November 7, 2015. On December 3, 2015, the Company entered into a new loan agreement with the Bank under which it obtained a term loan in the amount of 711,376. The Company utilized proceeds of the new loan to repay its line of credit. The loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020. As of September 30, 2019, the loan balance was 494,370. 

During the term of the loan, the Company has agreed to make equal monthly repayments of principal and interest of 6,967 commencing January 3, 2016, and to make a final payment on December 3, 2020, of the outstanding balance of the interest and principal then due, estimated to be approximately 425,539. Early repayment of amounts due under the loan will not affect the monthly repayment amount, unless otherwise agreed to by the bank. 

An event of default under the loan will occur upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

the Company fails to make any payment when due under the loan; 

the Company fails to comply with any term, obligation, covenant or condition in the loan documents or any other agreement between the bank and the Company: 

the Company defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement or other agreement with any creditor that materially affects the Company s property or its ability to repay the note or perform its obligation under the note or related documents; 

a warranty, representation or statement made to the bank under the loan document is or becomes materially false or misleading; 

the dissolution or termination of the Company s existence, or its insolvency, the appointment of a receiver for any part of its property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding 

40

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 BANK LOAN- Continued 

the commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings by any creditor or any governmental agency against any collateral securing the loan; 

any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any loan guarantor; 

a 25 or more change in the ownership of the Company s common stock; 

a material adverse change in the Company s financial condition, or the bank believes the prospect of payment or performance of the loan is impaired; or 

the bank in good faith believes itself insecure. 

The loan agreements contain certain affirmative covenants, including an obligation to: notify the bank of a material adverse change in the Company s financial condition and of any threatened litigation or claim or other proceeding which could materially affect the Company s financial condition; maintain certain liability insurance in amounts acceptable to the bank; maintain qualified executive and management personnel; comply with applicable environmental laws and perform environmental studies required by the bank; and certify annually to the bank compliance with the representations and warranties in the bank loan documents. The loan agreements contain certain other customary covenants and conditions. 

In addition, the loan agreements contain certain negative covenants, including that the Company will not, without the bank s consent: 

incur any indebtedness other than to the bank or for trade debt incurred in the ordinary course; 

sell, transfer, mortgage, assign, pledge, lease, grant a security interest in, or encumber any of its assets, except for permitted liens; 

sell its accounts receivable, except to the bank; 

engage in business activities substantially different from the Company s current activities; 

cease operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with another entity, change the Company s name, dissolve, or sell the inventory or accounts receivable secured under the loan; 

pay any dividend other than in stock; 

lend money, invest or advance money or assets to another person or entity; 

purchase, create or acquire an interest in any other entity; 

incur any obligation as a surety or guarantor other than in the ordinary course; or 

enter into any agreement containing any provision which would be violated or breached by the performance of the Company s obligations under the loan agreements. 

Interest under the loan is variable and is based upon the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, currently 5.25 per annum. In the event of a default, interest under the loan may be increased by 2 . The loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020.The term loan is secured by a priority security interest in the Company s inventory and accounts receivable and has been guaranteed by our CEO. Also, all claims due from the Company to Mr. Shrewsbury are subordinate to the bank s indebtedness, including under the Consolidated Note and any advances due to Mr. Shrewsbury. Interest paid on the loan for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 were 28,928 and 27,262, respectively. 

41

TX HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9 CONCENTRATION OF RISKS 

Significant Customers 

At September 30, 2019 and 2018, the Company had the following customer concentration: 

Percentage of 

Accounts Receivable 

Percentage of Sales ) 

trade, net ) 

September 30, 

September 30, 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2019 

2018 

2019 

2018 

Customer A 

30 

35 

45 

Customer B 

24 

11 

Customer C 

16 

Customer D 

10 

Customer E 

30 

Customer F 

14 

Customer G 

11 

Represent less than 10 

NOTE 10- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

None 

42

I TEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

ITEM 9A . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company (the Certifying Officers conducted evaluations of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. As defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure the information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including the Certifying Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, the Certifying Officers determined that, as of the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management of TX Holdings is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The Company s internal controls over financial reporting include those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 

provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company ; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may not prevent or detect misstatements. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also, the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as of a specific date. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, the Company s management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2019, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

43

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered independent 

 public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f) under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by the Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10 . DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth our current executive officers and directors: 

Name 

Age 

Title 

William L. Shrewsbury 

75 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Jose Fuentes 

72 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

James Graneto 

66 

Director 

Biographical information with respect to our current executive officers and directors is set forth below. There are no family relationships between any executive officer or director and any other executive officer or director. 

William Buck Sh rewsbury, Chairman and CEO . Mr. Shrewsbury has been a director and our Chairman and CEO since December 24, 2007. Since 1988, Mr. Shrewsbury has been the President and owner of Lee s Services and Storage, LLC, a trucking agency and, the President and owner of Buck s Truck Inc., a trucking company. Prior to 1988, Mr. Shrewsbury served as the IT manager with a large steel mill for 19 years. Mr. Shrewsbury attended the University of Kentucky 1962 -1965 with a major in Civil Engineering. 

Dr. James Graneto. Dr. Graneto is a Board Certified Chiropractic Orthopedist. Dr. Graneto graduated from Ohio State University with a Bachelor of Science in Psychology and has a doctorate in chiropractic medicine from National University of Health and Science. He is a former president of Eastern Ohio Chiropractic Association as well as a former president of the Good Food Co-op and the Rotary Club of Canfield. Dr. Graneto has had a private practice in Chropractic Orthopedics in Youngstown, Ohio since 1979. 

Jose Fuentes, Chief Financial Officer and Director . Mr. Fuentes has been Chief Financial Officer since May 12, 2008, a director of the Company since October 1, 2017. Commencing in 2006 and through 2007, Mr. Fuentes was our VP of Finance. Mr. Fuentes has over forty years of financial related experience including the energy sector. The majority of his early career, after leaving public accounting, was spent at Atlantic Richfield Co., where he held several progressively responsible financial roles including his most recent position as Vice President of Finance, Planning and Control for Arco Indonesia. From there, Mr. Fuentes served as Vice President of Finance and CFO at PJM Interconnection, LLC. Mr. Fuentes received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Saint John s University in New York and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

All directors were appointed by the board of directors as a result of vacancies on the board. They hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation, removal or death. Directors are elected at the annual meetings to serve for one-year terms. Any non-employee director of the Company is reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at meetings of the board and any committee of the board of directors although no such committee has been established. 

Each officer is appointed by the board of directors and holds his office at the pleasure and discretion of the board of directors or until his earlier resignation, removal or death. 

44

There are no material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

Audit , Nominating, Compensation and Other Board Committee s 

The board of directors of the Company has not established an audit, nominating, compensation or other board committee although it may do so in the future. Also, the Company has not appointed an audit committee financial expert although it may do so in the future. 

The Board of Directors 

The board oversees our business affairs and monitors the performance of management. During the year ended September 30, 2018, the board held no board meeting. 

Stockholders wishing to communicate with any non-employee director may do so by writing to our Chief Executive Officer, TX Holdings, Inc., PO Box 1425, Ashland Kentucky 41102. Our CEO will forward the communication as directed by the stockholder. 

Independence of Directors 

Our shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. s Pink marketplace. As such we are not subject to certain corporate governance requirements applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange. For purposes of determining the independence of our directors, we have adopted the definition in the NYSE American Company Guide. We have determined that we have one director that is independent within the meaning set forth in the NYSE American s Company Guide. Mr. Shrewsbury is our CEO and Chairman. For a company of our size and management resources, we believe that the CEO is in the best position to focus the independent directors attention on the issues of greatest importance to the Company and its stockholders and we believe that splitting the roles of CEO and Chairman may have the consequence of making our management and governance processes less effective than they are today through duplication of the lines of accountability and responsibility for matters. Periodically, our board of directors intends to review such policy. 

Risk Assessment and Management 

Our senior management is responsible for overseeing, assessing and managing our exposure to risk on a day-to-day basis, including the creation of appropriate management programs and policies. We do not maintain a separate committee of our board responsible for managing and overseeing our exposure to risk. Our board is responsible for overseeing management in the execution of this responsibility and for assessing our approach to risk management. Our board exercises this responsibility at its periodic board meetings. Our board s role in risk management is consistent with our leadership structure, with our CEO having responsibility for assessing and managing our risk exposure and the board providing oversight in connection with those efforts. 

Section 16( a Beneficial Ownership Compliance a nd Reporting 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of our common stock with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater-than-ten-percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Based solely upon our review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 submitted to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3 under the Exchange Act, we believe that except as set forth below, all such forms required to be filed were timely filed by our executive officers, directors, and security holders required to file the forms during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. 

On June 18, 2015, Mr. Shrewsbury filed a Form 4 that was not filed timely to report an aggregate of four transactions not previously reported. On October 10, 2015, Mr. Shrewsbury filed a Form 4 that was not filed timely to report an aggregate of six transactions not previously reported. All of such reported transactions in our shares would have been eligible for deferred reporting by Mr. Shrewsbury on Form 5 in accordance with Section 16(a) and the rules promulgated thereunder. 

45

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics has been filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11 . EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table provides information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and one former named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years: 

Name and 

			 Principal Position 
			 
			 Year 

Salary 

			 ) (1) 

Bonus 

			 ) 

Stock 

			 Awards 

			 ) 

Option 

			 Awards 

			 ) 

Non-Equity 

			 Incentive 

			 Plan 

			 Compensation 

			 ) 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All 

			 Other 

			 Compensation 

			 )(2) 

Total 

			 ) 

William L . Shrewsbury 

2018 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

24,000 

24,000 

CEO and Chairman 
			 
			 2019 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

24,000 

24,000 

Jose Fuentes 

2018 

104,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

104,000 

Chief Financial Officer 
			 
			 2019 

104,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

104,000 

(1) 

Represents salaries paid during the years ended September 30, 2098, and 2018. Mr. Shrewsbury has elected not to receive salary in 2019 and 2018. Mr. Fuentes receives an annual salary of 104,000. 

(2) 

Represent lease payments payable pursuant to a lease agreement between the Company and Mr. Shrewsbury and Mrs. Shrewsbury. Management believes that the current rental is below market value for similar warehouse and land space. 

The Company does not have an employment agreement with either Mr. Shrewsbury or Mr. Fuentes. The salaries of our officers are recommended by the CEO to the board of directors and subject to their periodic review and approval and are determined on the basis of current market and other conditions and the cash resources available to us. We do not provide any employee benefit programs to our employees other than a periodic grant of options and warrants. The grant of options or warrants to our officers and directors and the terms of such warrants are recommended by the CEO to the board of directors and subject to their review and approval. 

O utstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There were no Outstanding Equity Awards at fiscal year-end September 30, 2019 

 Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our directors who are not also named executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2018, and 2017. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Fees Earned 

or 

Options 

All Other 

Paid in Cash 

Awards 

Compensation 

Total 

Name and Position 

Year 

James Graneto 

2019 

3,000 

0 

0 

3000 

2018 

0 

0 

0 

0 

46

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of December 19, 2018, beneficial ownership of our common stock by: (i) each person we know who is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, (ii) each of our directors and our named executive officers, and (iii) all of our directors and named executive officers as a group. As of December 19, 2018, 48,053,084 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Number of Shares 

			 Beneficially Owned (1) 

Percentage of Common Stock 

			 Beneficially Owned 

William L. Shrewsbury 

12,750,000 

26.53 

Chairman, CEO and director 

Jose Fuentes 

500,000 

1.04 

Chief Financial Officer 

James Graneto 

237,980 

0.50 

Director 

All executive officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 

13,487,980 

28.07 

(1) 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is generally determined by voting power and/or investment power with respect to securities. Unless otherwise noted, all shares of our common stock listed above are owned of record by each individual named as beneficial owner and such individual has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares owned by each of them. Such person or entity s percentage of ownership is determined by assuming that any options, warrants or convertible securities held by such person or entity that are exercisable or convertible within 60 days from the date hereof have been exercised or converted as the case may be. All addresses, except as noted, are c/o TX Holdings, Inc., 12080 Virginia Boulevard, Ashland, Kentucky 41102. 

ITEM 13 . CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS , DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except as set forth below, we have not been a party to any transaction in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets as at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Bank Loan Guarantee by Our CEO 

Under the terms of a business loan agreement, originally entered into on November 7, 2012, and as amended through August 26, 2014, we obtained a secured revolving line of credit in the amount of 750,000 from Town Square Bank. Interest on the loan was payable monthly in arrears. Interest under the loan is variable and was based upon Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. 

The line of credit was secured by a priority security interest in our inventory and accounts receivable and matured on November 7, 2015. The loan was guaranteed as to principal, interest and all collection costs and legal fees by Mr. Shrewsbury. All notes and other indebtedness due to Mr. Shrewsbury by us were subordinated to the bank loan including with regard to our inventory and assets. The loan agreement contained other customary covenants and provisions, and contained certain events of default. 

On December 3, 2015, we entered into a new loan agreement with Town Square Bank under which we obtained a term loan in the amount of 711,376. We utilized proceeds of the new loan to repay our line of credit. The loan is for a term of five years and matures on December 3, 2020. 

During the term of the loan, we have agreed to make equal monthly repayments of principal and interest of 6,967 commencing January 3, 2016, and to make a final payment on December 3, 2020, of the outstanding balance of the interest and principal then due, 

 estimated to be approximately 425,539. Early repayment of amounts due under the loan will not affect the monthly repayment amount, unless otherwise agreed to by the bank. 

47

An event of default under the loan will occur upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

we fail to make any payment when due under the loan; 

we fail to comply with any term, obligation, covenant or condition in the loan documents or any other agreement between the bank and the Company: 

we default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement or other agreement with any creditor that materially affects the Company s property or its ability to repay the loan or perform its obligation under the loan note or related documents; 

a warranty, representation or statement we made to the bank under the loan document is or becomes materially false or misleading; 

the dissolution or termination of our existence, our insolvency, the appointment of a receiver for any part of our property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against us; 

the commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings by any creditor of ours or any governmental agency against any collateral securing the loan; 

any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any loan guarantor; 

a 25 or more change in the ownership of our common stock; 

a material adverse change in our financial condition, or the bank believes the prospect of payment or performance of the loan is impaired ; or 

the bank in good faith believes itself insecure. 

The loan agreements contain certain affirmative covenants, including an obligation to: notify the bank of a material adverse change in our financial condition and of any threatened litigation or claim or other proceeding which could materially affect our financial condition; maintain certain liability insurance in amounts acceptable to the bank; maintain qualified executive and management personnel; comply with applicable environmental laws and perform environmental studies required by the bank; and certify annually to the bank compliance with the representations and warranties in the bank loan documents. The loan agreements contain certain other customary covenants and conditions. 

In addition, the loan agreements contain certain negative covenants, including that we will not, without the bank s consent: 

incur any indebtedness other than to the bank or for trade debt incurred in the ordinary course; 

sell, transfer, mortgage, assign, pledge, lease, grant a security interest in, or encumber any of our assets, except for permitted liens; 

sell our accounts receivable, except to the bank; 

engage in business activities substantially different from our current activities; 

cease operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with another entity, change our name, dissolve, or sell the inventory or accounts receivable secured under the loan; 

pay any dividend other than in stock; 

lend money, invest or advance money or assets to another person or entity; 

purchase, create or acquire an interest in any other entity; 

incur any obligation as a surety or guarantor other than in the ordinary course; or 

enter into any agreement containing any provision which would be violated or breached by the performance of our obligations under the loan agreements. 

Interest under the loan is variable and is based upon the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, currently 5.00 per annum. In the event of a default, interest under the loan may be increased by 2 . The line of credit is secured by a priority security interest in the Company s inventory and accounts receivable and has been guaranteed by our CEO. 

48

Loans and Advances from our CEO 

Loans Consolidated Note 

On February 25, 2014, the Company entered into a Note Exchange Agreement Exchange Agreement with Mr. Shrewsbury pursuant to which an aggregate of 2,000,000 in certain outstanding indebtedness and interest due to Mr. Shrewsbury was consolidated and the Company issued in exchange for such indebtedness a Consolidated Secured Promissory Note (the Consolidated Note) in the principal amount of 2,000,000. 

Principal and interest under the Consolidated Note is due and payable ten years from the date of issuance and is to be secured by the proceeds of key man insurance purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury. The Consolidated Note bears interest at the rate of 5 per annum except that, if the prime rate reported by the Wall Street Journal WSJ Prime Rate exceeds 5 , then the Consolidated Note will bear interest at the WSJ Prime Rate. As of September 30, 2019 interest accrued under the Consolidated Note was 559,726. 

An event of default will occur under the Consolidated Note upon: 

the Company s failure to pay when due any principal or interest under the Consolidated Note; 

the violation by the Company of any covenant or agreement contained in the Consolidated Note, the Exchange Agreement or related transaction documents; 

an assignment for the benefit of creditors by the Company; 

the application for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator for the Company or for property of the Company; 

the filing of a petition in bankruptcy by or against the Company; 

the issuance of an attachment or the entry of a judgment against the Company in excess of 250,000; 

a default by the Company with respect to any other indebtedness or with respect to any installment debt whether or not owing to Mr. Shrewsbury; 

the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or a transfer of more than 51 of the Company s equity interests to a person not currently a holder of equity interests of the Company; 

the termination of existence or the dissolution of the Company; 

the death of Mr. Shrewsbury; or the failure to pay when due any premium under the key man policy required to be purchased on the life of Mr. Shrewsbury under the Exchange Agreement. 

In addition, in consideration of Mr. Shrewsbury agreeing to consolidate and restructure the indebtedness, the Company granted to Mr. Shrewsbury options to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the terms of a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, issued February 25, 2014. The options were exercisable commencing April 1, 2014, and for a period of three years thereafter. The options were exercisable at a price of 0.0924 per share subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments in the event of stock dividends, subdivisions, capital reorganizations, a consolidation or merger, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. The options expired on March 31, 2017. 

Advances 

As of September 30, 2018, Mr. Shrewsbury had advanced an aggregate of 181,487 to the Company. The advances do not bear interest and are repayable upon demand. At September 30, 2019, the Company also has a payable of 108,000 to Mr. Shrewsbury for warehouse storage rental. 

Mr. Shrewsbury has agreed that the Consolidated Note and advances and other claims due from the Company to Mr. Shrewsbury are subordinate to the Company s bank indebtedness. 

49

Lease Agreement 

On November 2012, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Mr. Shrewsbury and Mrs. Shrewsbury, Mr. Shrewsbury s wife, pursuant to which they agreed to lease to the Company certain office space and certain warehouse space and land to store the Company s inventory. The lease commenced on October 1, 2012 had a two year term and the option to extend the lease on the same terms for up to an additional 24 months upon written notice at least 30 days prior to the end of the lease. On September 1, 2014, the parties agreed to extend the lease for an additional two years and on September 1, 2016 and subsequently on September 1, 2018 an September 1, 2019 the lease was again extended for an additional one years respectively, to August 31, 2020. The lease rental is 2,000 per month payable on the first of each month. As of September 30, 2018, the Company had accrued and unpaid lease payments due to Mr. and Mrs. Shrewsbury in the amount of 108,000. Accordingly, our lease with Mr. and Mrs. Shrewsbury may be deemed to be in default. As of the date of this report, we have not received a notice of termination of the lease 

Freight Charges 

The Company utilizes the services of a trucking company owned and controlled by Mr. Shrewsbury, our Chief Executive Officer, to transport certain of the Company s products to its customers. During the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018, such trucking company was paid 69,346 and 73,385, respectively, for such trucking services. Management believes that the freight charges of such trucking company are at or below market rates for such services. 

Commission Charges 

In connection with the transportation and delivery of certain of the Company s products, the Company utilizes the services of a national transportation company. The chief executive officer and a principal stockholder of the Company owns and controls a company that is an agent of such transportation company. Such controlled company places orders for such transportation services on behalf of the Company and is paid a commission for such transportation services. During the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 the amounts of such commission were 13,192 and 10,975, respectively. 

Accrued Officer s salary 

As of September 30, 2019, the Company had an accrued and unpaid amount of 304,179 due to Jose Fuentes, CFO as payment for past services, which are included in our accrued liabilities amount. Payment of the accrued salary is to be secured or otherwise payable by the Company out of the death benefit proceeds of key man insurance of 500,000 that has been purchased by the Company on the life of Mr. Fuentes. 

ITEM 14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P., for each of the last two fiscal years. 

ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
			 
			 2019 

2018 

Audit fees 

44,056 

42,264 

Audit-related fees 

- 

- 

Tax fees 

- 

- 

All other fees 

- 

- 

Total 

44,056 

42,264 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees represent the aggregate fees billed for professional services for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, reviews of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

50

Audit Related Fees 

Audit-related fees represent the aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees 

Tax fees represent the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

A ll other Fees 

All other fees represent the aggregate fees billed for products and services reported in the other categories. There were no such fees in either fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2018. 

All above audit services and audit-related services were pre-approved by the Board of Directors, which concluded that the provision of such services by Turner Stone was compatible with the maintenance of the firm s independence in the conduct of its audits. 

51

ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

Financial Statements 

The following are filed as part of this report commencing on page 26: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Balance Sheets as at September 30, 2019 and 2018 

 Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2019 and 2018 

(b) 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith. 

Incorporated by 

			 Reference From 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing Date 

Filed/ 

			 Furnished Herewith 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation. 

10-K 

12/3/13 

3.2 
			 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated January 17, 2003. 
			 10-K 
			 12/29/15 

3.3 
			 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated July 25, 2005. 
			 10-Q 
			 05/03/2013 

3.4 

Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated December 24, 2007. 

10-Q 

05/03/2013 

3.5 

By-Laws. 

10-KSB 

01/14/2003 

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Certificate. 

10-K 

12/3/13 

10.1 

Lease Agreement, dated November 19, 2012, by and among registrant and William Shrewsbury and Peggy Shrewsbury. 

10-Q 

05/03/2013 

10.2 

Loan Modification Agreement, dated November 21, 2013, by and between registrant and Home Federal Savings and Loan Association 

10-K 

12/3/13 

10.3 
			 Warehouse Lease Extension, dated September 1, 2014, by and among the Company and William L. Shrewsbury and Peggy Shrewsbury. 
			 10-K 
			 11/18/14 

10.4 
			 Consolidated Secured Promissory Note, dated February 25, 2014, issued to William L. Shrewsbury. 
			 8-K 
			 2/28/14 

10.5 
			 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated February 25, 2014, issued to William L. Shrewsbury. 
			 8-K 
			 2/28/14 

10.6 
			 Business Loan Agreement and Exhibits, dated December 3, 2015, by and between registrant and Town Square Bank 
			 10-K 
			 12/29/15 

10.7 
			 
			 Warehouse Lease Extension, dated September 1, 2016,by and among registrant and William Shrewsbury and Peggy Shrewsbury 
			 
			 10-K 
			 
			 12/16/16 

10.8 
			 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
			 10-K 
			 12/15/17 

14.1 
			 Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officer. 
			 10-K 
			 12/29/15 

21 
			 List of Subsidiaries. 
			 10-K 
			 12/29/15 

24.1 
			 Power of Attorney - included on signature page. 

52

31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO) 

X 

31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO) 

X 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO) 

X 

32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO) 

X 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-X that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for the purpose of section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

The Company has determined not to include a summary of the information required by the Form 10K under this item 16 of the Form 10-K. 

53

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TX HOLDINGS , INC. 

December 9, 2019 
			 By: 
			 /s/ William L Shrewsbury 

William L. Shrewsbury 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints William L. Shrewsbury and Jose Fuentes, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ William L. Sh r ewsbury 

			 William L. Shrewsbury 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

December 9, 2019 

/s/ Jose Fuentes 

			 Jose Fuentes 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

			 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

December 9, 2019 

/s/ James Graneto 

			 Martin Lipper 

Director 

December 9, 2019 

54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_166638.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_166638.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, AS AMENDED 

I, William L. Shrewsbury, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed the annual report on form 10-K of TX Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 9, 2019 

Signed: 

/s/William L. Shrewsbury 

Name: 

William L. Shrewsbury 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_166639.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_166639.htm 

Exhibit 31. 2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, AS AMENDED 

I, Jose Fuentes, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed the annual report on form 10-K of TX Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 9, 2019 

Signed: 

/s/ Jose Fuentes 

Name: 

Jose Fuentes 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_166640.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_166640.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of TX Holdings, Inc., a Georgia corporation (the "Company"), on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, William L. Shrewsbury, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ William L. Shrewsbury 

 ------------------------------ 

 William L.Shrewsbury 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 December 9, 2019 

[A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TX Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by TX Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex_166641.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_166641.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of TX Holdings, Inc., a Georgia corporation (the "Company"), on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"), I, Jose Fuentes, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jose Fuentes 

 -------------------------------- 

 Jose Fuentes 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 December 9, 2019 

[A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TX Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by TX Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 txhg-20190930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 txhg-20190930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 txhg-20190930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 txhg-20190930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 txhg-20190930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 txhg-20190930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

