<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20191125_10-K_edgar_data_1368458_0001564590-19-044262.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25762029</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>307649</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1642961</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11023169</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2760889</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9463555</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-19-044262.hdr.sgml : 20191125
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20191122204612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-19-044262
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20191125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20191122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368458
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				362257936
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33145
		FILM NUMBER:		191243191

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 COLORADO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DENTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(940) 898-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 COLORADO BOULEVARD
		CITY:			DENTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Sally Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-19-044262.txt : 20191125

10-K
 1
 sbh-10k_20190930.htm
 10-K

sbh-10k_20190930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED: 
 -OR- 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from _______________ to __________________ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Zip Code) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

, par value .01 per share 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on March 31, 2019 was approximately . At November 15, 2019, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

6 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

20 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

21 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

22 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

23 

ITEM 6. 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

25 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

26 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

36 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

37 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

37 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

37 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

38 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

39 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

39 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

40 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

40 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

41 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

44 

i 

In this Annual Report, references to the Company, Sally Beauty, our company, we, our, ours and us refer to Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. 
 cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements 
 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated by reference herein which are not purely historical facts or which depend upon future events may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act. Words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, target, can, could, may, should, will, would, might, anticipates or similar expressions may also identify such forward-looking statements. 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as such statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results described in the forward-looking statements. The most important factors which could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth in our description of risk factors in Item 1A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in this report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 
 The events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements. 

ii 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Our Company 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. is an international specialty retailer and distributor of professional beauty supplies with operations in North America, South America and Europe. We are one of the largest distributors of professional beauty supplies in the U.S. based on store count. At September 30, 2019, we operated two business segments, Sally Beauty Supply SBS and Beauty Systems Group BSG ), with 4,902 company-operated stores, 159 franchised stores and e-commerce platforms. SBS targets retail consumers, salons and salon professionals, while BSG exclusively targets salons and salon professionals. Within BSG, we also have one of the largest networks of distributor sales consultants DSCs for professional beauty products in North America, with approximately 748 sales consultants who sell directly to salons and salon professionals. 
 We provide our customers with a wide variety of leading third-party branded and owned-brand professional beauty supplies, including hair color and care products, styling tools, skin and nail care products and other beauty items. For each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, over 80 of our consolidated net sales were from customers located in the U.S. 
 Our leading channel positions and multi-channel platform afford us several advantages, including hair color and hair care expertise, strong positioning with suppliers, the ability to better service the highly fragmented beauty supply marketplace and economies of scale. Through our multi-channel platform, we are able to reach broad, diversified geographies, and customer segments using varying product assortments. 
 Our stores are conveniently located and offer a wide selection of competitively priced beauty products, beauty solutions and expertise delivered by our knowledgeable salespeople. We also offer a comprehensive selection of multi-cultural products we believe further differentiates us from our competitors. 
 We believe that our DSCs distinguish us from other full-service/exclusive-channel distributors by providing us with a better understanding of our professional customers needs. In addition to placing orders through our DSCs, our customers have the ability to order and pick up the products they need between visits from our DSCs by visiting a nearby BSG store. We believe that our differentiated customer value proposition and strong brands drive customer loyalty. 
 Operating Strategy 
 Our mission is to empower our customers to express themselves through hair. Our strategy is to be the expert and leader in hair color and care for the consumer and the salon professional. We focus on hair color and care through our strategic product assortment, leading experiences in color, and building compelling customer experiences while also increasing our operating efficiency and profitability. 
 Our strategic product assortment includes being the partner of choice for brands and influencers. We believe that we offer our customers a strong and differentiated value proposition by providing salon-quality products, including an extensive collection of owned and exclusive-label brands and solutions at attractive prices. 
 Our focus and experiences with color include a strong emphasis on our sales force. We believe our approach to recruiting, training, and compensation results in a highly knowledgeable and effective sales force. 
 Our goal is to create an appealing shopping environment that embraces the retail consumer and salon professional and highlights our extensive product offering. We believe that our initiatives to create a compelling shopping environment, over time, will help drive increased customer traffic to our stores and increase their sales productivity. 
 Our digital strategy is evolving from a largely transactional-based experience to a more content-rich experience that enables customers to learn about the latest trends and techniques from influencers and engages them with our latest product launches and research products. We believe that these efforts will, over time, drive traffic and improve sales from these sites. 
 
 - 1 - 

Professional Beauty Supply Industry Distribution Channels 
 The professional beauty supply industry serves end-users through four distribution channels: 
 Open-Line 
 This channel serves retail consumers and salon professionals through retail stores and e-commerce platforms. This channel is served by a large number of localized retailers and distributors, with only a few having a regional or national presence and significant channel share. We believe that SBS, with its nationwide network of retail stores, is the largest open-line distributor in the U.S. In addition, SBS s websites (including www.sallybeauty.com and other e-commerce platforms, including our new SBS mobile commerce-based app, provide retail consumers and salon professionals access to product offerings and information beyond our retail stores. 
 Full-Service/Exclusive 
 This channel exclusively serves salons and salon professionals and distributes professional-only and other products for use in salons and for resale to consumers in salons. Many brands are distributed through exclusive arrangements with suppliers by geographic territory. BSG is one of the leading full-service distributors in the U.S. In addition, BSG offers its products for sale to salons and salon professionals through e-commerce platforms (including www.cosmoprofbeauty.com, www.cosmoprofequipment.com and the CosmoProf mobile commerce-based app). 
 Direct 
 This channel focuses on direct sales to salons and salon professionals by large manufacturers. This is the dominant form of distribution in Europe but represents a smaller channel in the U.S. due to the highly fragmented nature of the U.S. salon industry, which makes direct distribution costs prohibitive for many manufacturers. 
 Mega-Salon Stores 
 In this channel, large-format salons are supplied directly by manufacturers due to their significant purchase requirements. 
 Key Industry and Business Trends 
 We believe the following key industry and business trends and characteristics will influence our business and our financial results going forward: 
 High level of marketplace fragmentation. The U.S. salon industry is highly fragmented with salons and barbershops. Given the fragmented and small-scale nature of the salon industry, we believe that salon operators will continue to depend on full-service/exclusive distributors and open-line channels for a majority of their beauty supply purchases. 
 Rapidly evolving consumer trends. Our industry is characterized by continuously changing fashion-related trends that drive new styles, including hair and nail styles, and continuing demand for beauty products . In addition, we expect millennials and the aging baby-boomer population in the U.S. to continue to drive sales growth in certain professional beauty product categories, including through an increase in the usage of hair color and care products. 
 Increasing use of owned and exclusive-label brand products. We offer an extensive range of owned and exclusive-label brand professional beauty products. Our lines of owned and exclusive-label brand products have matured and become better known in our retail stores and e-commerce platforms, showing an increase in sales. 
 Growth in chair renting and frequent stocking needs. Salon professionals primarily rely on just-in-time inventory due to capital constraints and limited warehouse and shelf space. In addition, chair renters and suite renters, who now comprise a significant percentage of the total U.S. salon professionals, are often responsible for purchasing their own supplies. The number of chair renters and suite renters has significantly increased as a percentage of total salon professionals in recent years, and we expect this trend to continue. Chair renters and suite renters, given their smaller and more frequent purchase patterns, are dependent on frequent trips to professional beauty supply stores. We expect that these factors will continue to drive demand for conveniently located professional beauty supply stores, like BSG and SBS. 
 - 2 - 

Business Segments 
 We operate in two business segments: (i) SBS, an open-line retailer of professional beauty supplies offering professional beauty supplies to both retail consumers and salon professionals, in North America, South America and Europe, and (ii) BSG, including its franchise-based business Armstrong McCall, a full-service beauty supply distributor offering professional brands directly to salons and salon professionals through our own sales force and professional-only stores, many in exclusive geographical territories, in North America. SBS stores generally operate under the Sally Beauty banner, while BSG stores generally operate under the CosmoProf banner. 
 Neither the sales nor the product assortment for SBS or BSG are generally seasonal in nature. 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of our sales attributable to each of our major sales channels: 

SBS 

BSG 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Company-operated stores 

96.9 

97.5 

98.1 

69.4 

68.7 

68.4 

E-commerce 

2.8 

2.2 

1.6 

4.8 

3.7 

3.3 

Franchise stores 

0.3 

0.3 

0.3 

7.6 

7.7 

7.7 

Distributor sales consultants 

18.2 

19.9 

20.6 

Total 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Store Design and Locations 
 SBS stores are designed to create an appealing shopping environment that embraces the retail consumer and salon professional and highlights SBS s extensive product offering. In the U.S. and Canada, SBS stores average approximately 1,700 square feet in size and are located primarily in strip shopping centers, which are occupied by other high traffic retailers such as grocery stores, mass merchants and home improvement centers. SBS applies strong category management processes, including centrally developed guides, to maintain consistent merchandise presentation across its store base. Store formats, including average size and product selection, outside the U.S. and Canada vary by marketplace. 
 SBS balances its store renewals, remodels and expansions between new and existing geographies and regularly evaluates each store s performance and strategically closes stores as necessary. In its existing marketplaces, SBS adds stores as necessary to provide additional coverage. In new marketplaces, SBS generally seeks to expand in geographically contiguous areas to leverage its experience. SBS selects geographic areas and store sites on the basis of demographic information, the quality and nature of neighboring tenants, store visibility and location accessibility. 
 As of September 30, 2019, SBS had 3,682 company-operated retail stores, 2,791 of which are located in the U.S. (including Puerto Rico), with the remaining 891 company-operated retail stores located in Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Chile and Peru. SBS also supplied 13 franchised stores located in the United Kingdom, Belgium and certain other European countries. 
 BSG stores, including its franchise-based Armstrong McCall stores, are designed to create a professional shopping environment that highlights its extensive product offering and embraces the salon professional. Company-operated BSG stores average approximately 2,600 square feet and are located primarily in secondary strip shopping centers, since the stores are themselves a destination for professionals not requiring a traffic-supporting neighbor retail location. BSG store layouts are designed to provide variety and options to the salon professional. Stores are segmented into distinctive areas arranged by product type, with certain areas dedicated to leading third-party brands. The selection of these and other brands varies by territory. 
 As of September 30, 2019, BSG operated 1,220 company-operated stores, with 1,099 located in the U.S. (including Puerto Rico) and the remaining 121 company-operated retail stores located in Canada. In addition, as of September 30, 2019, BSG supplied 146 franchised stores. 
 Merchandise 
 SBS stores and websites carry an extensive selection of professional beauty supplies for retail customers, salons and salon professionals, featuring an average of 8,000 stock keeping units, or SKUs, of beauty products in our stores across a variety of product categories including hair color and care, skin and nail care, styling tools and other beauty 
 - 3 - 

products. SBS s stores and e-commerce platforms carry products from one or more of the leading manufacturers in each category, including third-party brands such as Wella , Clairol , OPI , Conair and Hot Shot Tools , as well as an extensive selection of owned and exclusive-label brand products. We believe that delivering an extensive selection of leading third-party, owned and exclusive-label brand professional beauty products at attractive prices through knowledgeable sales associates and convenient store locations is what differentiates SBS. Additionally, we believe that carrying a wide selection of the latest premier branded merchandise is critical for SBS in building long-term relationships with its customers and attracting new customers. As beauty trends continue to evolve, SBS will continue to offer the changing professional beauty product assortment necessary to meet the needs of retail consumers and salon professionals. 
 In addition, SBS offers an extensive selection of owned and exclusive-label brand professional beauty products that are only available at SBS stores and through its e-commerce platforms. We believe that SBS s owned and exclusive-label brand products offer equal or better quality products than higher-priced leading third-party brands, providing the customer attractive alternatives to those brands at lower prices. Generally, SBS s owned-brand products have higher gross margins than the leading third-party branded products and, we believe, offer continued growth potential. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, owned and exclusive-label brand products accounted for approximately 45 of SBS s product sales in the U.S. and Canada. SBS intends to continue to invest in the growth of its owned and exclusive-label brands and to actively promote these products. 
 BSG s stores and e-commerce platforms carry an extensive selection of third-party branded products, such as Paul Mitchell , Wella , Matrix , Schwarzkopf , Kenra , Goldwell , Joico and Chi , for salons and salon professionals at competitive prices. We feature an average of 10,500 SKUs of beauty products in our BSG stores across a variety of product categories including hair color and care, skin and nail care, styling tools and other beauty items. Additionally, BSG has exclusive and non-exclusive distribution rights for well-known brands in certain geographies with several key vendors. As part of its growth strategy, BSG continues to pursue the acquisition of additional distribution rights. We believe that carrying an extensive selection of branded merchandise is critical to maintaining relationships with our professional customers. 
 We believe BSG is the largest full-service distributor of professional beauty supplies in North America exclusively targeting salons and salon professionals. Through BSG s large store base, e-commerce platforms and sales force, including Armstrong McCall, BSG is able to access a significant portion of the highly fragmented U.S. professional beauty salon products industry. 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 We continue to invest in new talent and capabilities in our digital commerce, brand marketing and strategy and global sourcing. As part of this effort, we have realigned our marketing and digital functions to create a new structure in which every team supports and fuels the growth for both SBS and BSG. This allows us to leverage strong, centralized teams for areas such as e-commerce, loyalty and brand strategy, rather than trying to build duplicative capabilities for both segments. 
 SBS s marketing programs are designed to drive customer traffic by differentiating SBS as a source of professional advice, solutions and salon-quality products at competitive prices, all backed by our Love It or Return It guarantee. 
 We continuously adapt our marketing initiatives and adjust our media and messaging mix to achieve a high return on our marketing and advertising dollars. We target existing and potential customers through an integrated marketing approach designed to reach the customer through a variety of media, including digital advertising, email, social media, text messaging, direct mail and print advertising. 
 We continue to refine the strategy for sallybeauty.com and other e-commerce platforms, shifting from largely transactional-based to a more content-rich experience that enables customers to learn about the latest trends and techniques from influencers, engage in our latest product launches and research products. We frequently update the home page to enhance its appeal to our existing and prospective customers. In addition, we continue to refine our internal processes and partnerships to increase traffic to the website. Many of our customers research products on our site before visiting a store. Beyond generating e-commerce sales, we believe our website and new SBS mobile app are important vehicles to reach consumers researching beauty products online who could potentially visit our stores as a result of their experience on our website or our SBS mobile app. 
 - 4 - 

SBS s customer loyalty and customer relationship management CRM programs, in the U.S. and Canada, allow SBS the opportunity to collect valuable point-of-sale customer data as a means of increasing its understanding of customers needs and enhancing its ability to market to them in more personalized, relevant ways. We continue to assess and update our customer loyalty and CRM programs in an effort to further enhance the customer experience and promote repeat sales from both retail customers and salon professionals. In our fiscal year 2019, we replaced our existing loyalty program, which required a nominal annual fee for discounts, with a more traditional points-based loyalty program. Outside the U.S. and Canada, our customer loyalty and marketing programs vary by marketplace. 
 BSG s marketing programs are designed primarily to promote its extensive selection of brand name products at competitive prices and to educate, motivate and empower its customers to grow professionally. BSG communicates on a frequent basis with its customers and potential customers, and distributes promotional material through multiple communication channels, including trade shows, educational events, store personnel, DSCs, print mail, e-mail, text and social media. In addition, we believe that BSG s websites www.cosmoprofequipment.com and www.cosmoprofbeauty.com and the CosmoProf mobile commerce-based app enhance other efforts intended to promote awareness of BSG s products by salons and salon professionals. 
 As of September 30, 2019, BSG had a network of 748 DSCs, which exclusively consult, support and sell directly to salons and salon professionals. In order to provide a knowledgeable sales consultant team, BSG actively recruits and trains individuals with industry knowledge or sales experience. We believe that DSCs with broad product knowledge and direct sales experience are more successful in driving sales. Our sales commission program is an important component of our DSCs compensation, which is designed to drive sales and to focus DSCs on selling products that are best suited to individual salons and salon professionals. 
 Our Customers 
 We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of professional-grade beauty products sold directly to retail consumers, salons and salon professionals. Historically, these factors have provided us with reduced exposure to downturns in economic conditions in the countries in which we operate. 
 Our Competition 
 The global beauty industry is highly competitive. SBS competes with domestic and international beauty product wholesale and retail outlets, including local and regional open-line beauty supply stores, professional-only beauty supply stores, mass merchandisers, online retailers, drug stores, department stores and supermarkets, as well as salons that sell hair care products. BSG competes primarily with domestic and international beauty product wholesale suppliers, including online retailers, and manufacturers selling professional beauty products directly to salons and individual salon professionals. The primary competitive factors in the beauty products distribution industry are the price at which branded and owned-brand products are sold to customers exclusive distribution contracts the quality, perceived value, consumer brand name recognition, packaging and variety of the products sold customer service the efficiency of distribution networks and the availability of desirable store locations. 
 We face competition from certain manufacturers that use their own sales forces to distribute their professional beauty products directly or that align themselves with our competitors. Some of these manufacturers are vertically integrating through the acquisition of distributors and stores. We also face competition from authorized and unauthorized retailers and internet sites offering professional salon-only products. 
 Our Suppliers 
 We purchase our merchandise directly from manufacturers through supply contracts and by purchase orders. For the fiscal year 2019, our five largest suppliers Coty, Inc., the Professional Products Division of L'Oreal USA S/D, Inc., or L Oreal, John Paul Mitchell Systems, Conair Corporation, and Henkel AG & Co. KGaA accounted for approximately 45 of our consolidated merchandise purchases. Products are purchased from these and many other manufacturers on an at-will basis or under contracts which can generally be terminated without cause upon 90 days or less notice or expire without express rights of renewal. 
 - 5 - 

Our Employees 
 As of September 30, 2019, we employed approximately 30,050 full-time and part-time employees. 
 Regulation 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, which historically have not had a material effect on our business. For example, in the U.S., most of the products sold and the content and methods of advertising and marketing utilized are subject to both federal and state regulations administered by a host of federal and state agencies, including, in each case, one or more of the following: the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Products Safety Commission. The transportation and disposal of many of our products are also subject to federal and state regulation. State and local agencies regulate many aspects of our business. We also face comprehensive regulation outside the U.S., focused primarily on product labeling and safety issues. 
 As of September 30, 2019, SBS and BSG supplied franchised stores located in the U.S., Mexico and certain countries in Europe. As a result of these franchisor-franchisee relationships, we are subject to regulation when offering and selling franchises in the applicable countries. The applicable laws and regulations affect our business practices, as franchisor, in a number of ways, including restrictions placed upon the offering, renewal, termination and disapproval of assignment of franchises. To date, these laws and regulations have not had a material effect upon our operations. 
 Access to Public Filings 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports are available, without charge, on our website, www.sallybeautyholdings.com , as soon as reasonably possible after they are filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains our reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We will provide copies of such reports to any person, without charge, upon written request to our Investor Relations Department at our principal office. The information found on our website shall not be considered to be part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following describes risks that we believe to be material to our business. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. This report also contains forward-looking statements and the following risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. 
 The beauty products distribution industry is highly competitive and is consolidating. 
 The beauty products distribution industry is highly fragmented and competitive, and there are few significant barriers to entry into the marketplaces for most of the types of products we sell. SBS competes with other domestic and international beauty product wholesale and retail outlets, including local and regional open-line beauty supply stores, professional-only beauty supply stores, salons, mass merchandisers, online retailers, drug stores and supermarkets. BSG competes with other domestic and international beauty product wholesale and retail suppliers and with manufacturers selling professional beauty products directly to salons and individual salon professionals. We also face competition from authorized and unauthorized retailers as well as e-commerce retailers offering professional salon-only and other products. The availability of diverted professional salon products in unauthorized large format retail stores such as drug stores, grocery stores and others could also have a negative impact on our business. The primary competitive factors in the beauty products distribution industry are the price at which we purchase branded and owned-brand products from manufacturers and the price at which we resell them to our customers, the quality, perceived value, consumer brand name recognition, packaging and variety of the products we sell, customer service, the efficiency of our distribution network, and the availability of desirable store locations. Competitive conditions may limit our ability to maintain prices or may require us to reduce prices in efforts to retain business or channel share, particularly because customers are able to quickly and conveniently comparison shop and determine real-time product availability using digital tools, which can lead to decisions driven solely by price, the functionality of the digital tools, or a combination of these and other factors. We must compete by offering a 
 - 6 - 

consistent and convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of the ultimate sales channel. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do and are less leveraged than our business, and may therefore be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions. We expect existing competitors, business partners and new entrants to the beauty products distribution industry to constantly revise or improve their business models in response to challenges from competing businesses, including ours. If these competitors introduce changes or developments that we cannot address in a timely or cost-effective manner, our business may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our industry is consolidating, which may give our suppliers and our competitors increased negotiating leverage and greater marketing resources, resulting in a more effective way to compete with us. For instance, we may lose customers if those competitors which have broad geographic reach attract additional salons (individual and chain) that are currently BSG customers, or if professional beauty supply manufacturers align themselves with our competitors or begin selling direct to customers. Not only does consolidation in distribution pose risks from competing distributors, but it may also place more leverage in the hands of those manufacturers, resulting in smaller margins on products sold through our network. 
 If we are unable to compete effectively in our marketplace or if competitors divert our customers away from our networks, it would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to anticipate and effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences and buying trends in a timely manner. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely manner to changes in consumer spending patterns and preferences for specific beauty products. If we do not timely identify and properly respond to evolving trends and changing consumer demands for beauty products in the geographies in which we compete, our sales may decline significantly. Furthermore, we may accumulate additional inventory and be required to mark down unsold inventory to prices that are significantly lower than normal prices, which would adversely impact our margins and could further adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, a large percentage of our SBS product sales come from our owned and exclusive-label brand products. The development and promotion of these owned and exclusive-label brand products often occur well before these products are sold in our stores. As a result, the success of these owned and exclusive-label brand products is largely dependent on our ability to develop products that meet future consumer preferences at prices that are acceptable to our customers. Furthermore, we may have to spend a significant amount on the advertising and marketing of our owned and exclusive-label brands to drive customer awareness of these brands. There can be no assurance that any new owned and exclusive-label brand will meet consumer preferences, gain acceptance among our customer base or generate sales to become profitable or to cover the costs of its development and promotion, which would also adversely impact our margins and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we depend on our inventory management and information technology systems in order to replenish inventories and deliver products to store locations in response to customer demands. Any systems-related problems could result in difficulties satisfying the demands of customers that, in turn, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. In addition, our failure to manage inventory levels appropriately during any period could adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. We also rely on vendor relationships to provide us with access to the latest beauty products that meet the changing demands of our customers. If we are unable to maintain these relationships, our ability to meet these demands will be impaired. See below - We depend upon manufacturers who may be unable to provide products of adequate quality or who may be unwilling to continue to supply products to us. 
 We expect continuously changing fashion-related trends and consumer tastes to influence future demand for beauty products. Changes in consumer tastes and fashion trends can have an impact on our financial performance. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the marketplace for beauty products and changing consumer demands, our business could suffer. 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully implement our strategic initiatives to improve the customer experience, attract new customers and improve the sales productivity of our stores. 
 We continue the implementation of a significant number of strategic initiatives designed to play to win by focusing on our color and care business, to improve our retail fundamentals, to improve our digital capabilities and to improve our cost structure. There can be no assurance that these strategic initiatives will be successful. Furthermore, 
 - 7 - 

we are investing significant resources in these initiatives and the costs of the initiatives may outweigh their benefits. If these strategic initiatives are not successful, our same store sales will suffer and our growth prospects, financial results, profitability and cash flows will also be adversely impacted. 
 Our restructuring program may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring plans. 
 Our ability to grow profitably depends in large part on our ability to successfully control or reduce our operating expenses. In furtherance of this strategy, we have engaged in ongoing activities to reduce or control costs, some of which are complicated and require us to expend significant resources to implement. As we previously announced in fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019, we have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, restructuring plans to transform the Company for the future and support long-term sales growth and profitability. The program is intended to touch all aspects of the business, enhance operating capabilities, create greater efficiencies and take advantage of our considerable scale. Restructuring plans present significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring plan, as well as management distraction. As part of our overhead reduction, we have reduced our corporate and operations headcount, including management level, distribution and field employees. These reductions, as well as employee attrition, could result in the potential loss of specific knowledge relating to our company, operations and industry that could be difficult to replace. Also, we now operate with fewer employees, who have assumed additional duties and responsibilities. The restructuring program and workforce changes may negatively impact communication, morale, management cohesiveness and effective decision-making, which could have an adverse impact on our business operations, internal controls, customer experience, sales and results of operations. Despite these cost control plans, our costs may continue to increase for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, we continue to make significant investments in our strategic initiatives. We cannot assure you that our strategic initiatives and cost control efforts will result in the increased profitability, cost savings or other benefits that we expect, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our same store sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate for a variety of reasons. 
 Our same store sales and quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of factors affect our same store sales and quarterly financial performance, including: 

the success of our strategic initiatives 

changes in our merchandising strategy or mix 

our ability to increase sales and meet forecasted levels of profitability at our stores 

our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and buying trends in the geographies that our stores serve 

the effectiveness of our inventory management processes and systems 

a portion of a typical new store s sales (or sales we make over our e-commerce channels) coming from customers who previously shopped at other existing stores 

expenditures on our distribution system 

the timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities, particularly our ability to drive new retail traffic into our stores at an acceptable cost and our promotions 

the effects of severe weather events or other natural disasters 

actions by our existing or new competitors 

fluctuations over time in the cost to us of products we sell and 

worldwide economic conditions and, in particular, the retail sales environment in the U.S. 

 - 8 - 

Accordingly, our results, including same store sales, for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and may even decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend upon manufacturers who may be unable to provide products of adequate quality or who may be unwilling to continue to supply products to us. 
 We do not manufacture any products we sell, and instead purchase our products from recognized brand manufacturers and private label fillers. We depend on a limited number of manufacturers for a significant percentage of the products we sell. For example, there can be no assurances as to the impact, if any, that Coty Inc. s recent acquisition of the fragrances, color cosmetics, and hair color divisions of Procter & Gamble will have on our ability to continue to source products from these divisions at current prices and volumes. 
 Since we purchase products from many manufacturers and fillers under at-will contracts and contracts which can be terminated without cause upon 90 days notice or less, or which expire without express rights of renewal, manufacturers and fillers could discontinue sales to us immediately or upon short notice. Some of our contracts with manufacturers may be terminated if we fail to meet specified minimum purchase requirements. If minimum purchase requirements are not met, we do not have contractual assurances of continued supply. In lieu of termination, a manufacturer may also change the terms upon which it sells, for example, by raising prices or broadening distribution to third parties. Infrequently, a supplier will seek to terminate a distribution relationship through legal action. For these and other reasons, we may not be able to acquire desired merchandise in sufficient quantities or on acceptable terms in the future. 
 Changes in SBS s and BSG s relationships with suppliers occur often, and could positively or negatively impact the net sales and operating earnings of both business segments. Some of our suppliers may seek to decrease their reliance on distribution intermediaries, including full-service/exclusive and open-line distributors like BSG and SBS, by promoting their own distribution channels, as discussed above. These suppliers may offer advantages, such as lower prices, when their products are purchased from distribution channels they control. If our access to supplier-provided products were to diminish relative to our competitors or we were not able to purchase products at the same prices as our competitors, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Also, consolidation among suppliers may increase their negotiating leverage, thereby providing them with competitive advantages that may increase our costs and reduce our revenues, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the impact of these developments, if they were to occur, will not adversely impact revenue to a greater degree than we currently expect or that our efforts to mitigate the impact of these developments will be successful. If the impact of these developments is greater than we expect or our efforts to mitigate the impact of these developments are not successful, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Any significant interruption in the supply of products by manufacturers and fillers could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores and customers in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Manufacturers and owned and exclusive-label brand fillers of beauty supply products are subject to certain risks that could adversely impact their ability to provide us with their products on a timely basis, including inability to procure ingredients, industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, union organizing activity, disruptions in logistics or information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters and other external factors over which neither they nor we have control. 
 In addition, we directly source many of our owned and exclusive-label brand products, including, but not limited to, styling tools, salon equipment, sundries and other promotional products, from foreign third-party manufacturers and many of our vendors also use overseas sourcing to manufacture some or all of their products. Any event causing a sudden disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of additional or increased import restrictions, duties or tariffs, political instability, labor disputes, local business practices, legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers ability to produce and deliver products or acts of war or terrorism, could materially harm our operations to the extent they affect the production, shipment or receipt of merchandise. Our operating results depend to some extent on the orderly operation of our receiving and distribution processes, 
 - 9 - 

which depend on manufacturers adherence to shipping schedules and our effective management of our distribution facilities and capacity. 
 If a material interruption of supply occurs, or a significant manufacturer or filler ceases to supply us or materially decreases its supply to us, we may not be able to acquire products with similar quality and consumer brand name recognition as the products we currently sell or to acquire such products in sufficient quantities to meet our customers demands or on favorable terms to our business, any of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of inventory may result in higher cost of goods, which we may not be able to pass on to the customers. 
 Our suppliers are increasingly passing on higher production costs, which may impact our ability to maintain or grow our margins. The price and availability of raw materials may be impacted by demand, regulation, weather and other factors. Additionally, manufacturers have and may continue to have increases in other manufacturing costs, such as transportation, labor and benefit costs. These increases in production costs result in higher merchandise costs to us. We may not always be able to pass on those cost increases to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If products sold by us are found to be defective in labeling or content, our credibility and that of the brands we sell may be harmed, marketplace acceptance of our products may decrease, and we may be exposed to liability in excess of our products liability insurance coverage and manufacturer indemnities. 
 We do not control the production process for the products we sell. We may not be able to identify a defect in a product we purchase from a manufacturer or owned and exclusive-label brand filler before we offer such product for resale. In many cases, we rely on representations of manufacturers and fillers about the products we purchase for resale regarding the composition, manufacture and safety of the products, as well as the compliance of our product labels with government regulations. Our sale of certain products exposes us to potential product liability claims, recalls or other regulatory or enforcement actions initiated by federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities or through private causes of action. Such claims, recalls or actions could be based on allegations that, among other things, the products sold by us are misbranded, contain contaminants or impermissible ingredients, provide inadequate instructions regarding their use or misuse, or include inadequate warnings concerning flammability or interactions with other substances. Claims against us could also arise as a result of the misuse by purchasers of such products or as a result of their use in a manner different than the intended use. We may be required to pay for losses or injuries actually or allegedly caused by the products we sell and to recall any product we sell that is alleged to be or is found to be defective. 
 Any actual defects or allegations of defects in products sold by us could result in adverse publicity and harm our credibility or the credibility of the manufacturer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we may have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of many of the products we distribute and rights as an additional insured under the manufacturers insurance policies, it is not certain that any manufacturer or insurer will be financially solvent and capable of making payment to any party suffering loss or injury caused by products sold by us. Further, some types of actions and penalties, including many actions or penalties imposed by governmental agencies and punitive damages awards, may not be remediable through reliance on indemnity agreements or insurance. Furthermore, potential product liability claims may exceed the amount of indemnity or insurance coverage or be excluded under the terms of an indemnity agreement or insurance policy and claims for indemnity or reimbursement by us may require us to expend significant resources and may take years to resolve. If we are forced to expend significant resources and time to resolve such claims or to pay material amounts to satisfy such claims, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could be adversely affected if we do not comply with current laws and regulations or if we become subject to additional or more stringent laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S., as well as applicable laws and regulations in each foreign marketplace in which we do business. These laws and regulations govern the composition, packaging, labeling and safety of the products we sell, as well as the methods we use to sell and import these products. Non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations of governmental authorities, including the FDA and similar authorities in other jurisdictions, by us or the manufacturers and fillers of the products sold by us 
 - 10 - 

could result in fines, product recalls and enforcement actions, and otherwise restrict our ability to market certain products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the laws and regulations applicable to us or manufacturers of the products sold by us may become more stringent. For example, the State of California, where we operate a number of stores, currently enforces legislation commonly referred to as Proposition 65 that requires that clear and reasonable warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. Although we have sought to comply with Proposition 65 requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation or other actions relating to Proposition 65 or future legislation that is similar or related thereto. Continued legal compliance with new and existing regulations, such as Proposition 65 and other federal or state-level safe consumer product regulations, could require the review and possible reformulation or relabeling of certain products, as well as the possible removal of some products from the marketplace. Failure to comply with these new and existing regulations could result in significant fines or damages, in addition to costs and expenses to defend claims related thereto. Legal compliance could also lead to considerably higher internal regulatory costs. Manufacturers may try to recover some or all of any increased costs of compliance by increasing the prices at which we purchase products, and we may not be able to recover some or all of such increased cost in our own prices to our customers. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations that affect our franchisor-franchisee relationships. Increased compliance costs and the loss of sales of certain products due to more stringent or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Laws and regulations impact our business in many areas that have no direct relation to the products we sell. One area of intense regulation is that of the relationships we have with our employees, including, for example, compliance with many different wage and hour and nondiscrimination related regulatory schemes and, in the U.S., compliance with the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Violation of any of the laws or regulations governing our business or the assertion of individual or class-wide claims could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The United Kingdom s vote to leave the European Union EU could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 There is substantial uncertainty surrounding the United Kingdom s 2016 vote to leave the EU Brexit ), which is currently scheduled for January 31, 2020. Any impact of Brexit depends on the terms of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the EU, if it ultimately occurs. The ongoing uncertainty within the United Kingdom s government and Parliament on the status of a withdrawal agreement could lead to economic stagnation until an ultimate resolution with respect to Brexit occurs. Such uncertainty also sustains the possibility of a hard Brexit, in which the United Kingdom leaves the EU without a withdrawal agreement and associated transition period in place. A hard Brexit would likely cause significant market and economic disruption and negatively impact customer experience and service quality, and could depress the demand for our services. 
 Even if an agreement setting forth the terms of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the EU is approved, the withdrawal could result in a global economic downturn. The United Kingdom also could lose access to the single EU market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the EU on behalf of its members, depressing trade between the United Kingdom and other countries, which would negatively impact our international operations. Additionally, we may face new regulations regarding trade and employees, among others, in the United Kingdom. Compliance with such regulations could be costly, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. Brexit could also adversely affect European and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the Euro and the British pound sterling. 
 Our e-commerce businesses may be unsuccessful or, if successful, may divert sales from our stores. 
 We offer many of our beauty products for sale through our e-commerce businesses in the U.S. (such as www.sallybeauty.com , www.cosmoprofbeauty.com , www.cosmoprofequipment.com and mobile commerce-based apps) and abroad. As a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand and develop our e-commerce operations, websites and software and other related operational systems. 
 - 11 - 

Although we believe that our participation in both e-commerce and physical store sales is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new customers, supporting product offerings through both of these channels could create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. For example, if our e-commerce businesses successfully grow, they may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. In addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential internet customers to consider competing distributors of beauty products. In addition, offering products through our e-commerce channels (particularly directly to consumers through our professional business) could cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet offerings of their products either directly or through competing distributors. As we continue to grow our e-commerce businesses, the impact of attracting existing rather than new customers, of conflicts between product offerings online and through our stores, and of opening up our channels to increased internet competition could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including future growth and same store sales. Furthermore, our recent initiatives to upgrade our e-commerce platforms may not be successful in driving traffic to our websites and increasing our online sales in the long term, which could adversely impact our net sales. 
 Diversion of professional products sold by BSG could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 
 The majority of the products that BSG sells, including those sold by our Armstrong McCall franchisees, are meant to be used exclusively by salons and individual salon professionals or sold exclusively to their retail consumers. However, despite our efforts to prevent diversion, incidents of product diversion occur, whereby our products are sold by these purchasers (and possibly by other bulk purchasers such as franchisees) to wholesalers and ultimately to general merchandise retailers, among others. These retailers, in turn, sell such products to consumers. The diverted product may be old, tainted or damaged and sold through unapproved outlets, all of which could diminish the value of the particular brand. In addition, such diversion may result in lower net sales for BSG should consumers choose to purchase diverted products from retailers rather than purchasing from our customers, or choose other products altogether because of the perceived loss of brand prestige. 
 In the BSG arena, product diversion is generally prohibited under our manufacturers contracts, and we are often under a contractual obligation to stop selling to salons, salon professionals and other bulk purchasers which engage in product diversion. If we fail to comply with our anti-diversion obligations under these manufacturers contracts, including any known diversion of products sold through our Armstrong McCall franchisees, these contracts could be adversely affected or even terminated. In addition, our investigation and enforcement of our anti-diversion obligations may result in reduced sales to our customer base, thereby decreasing our revenues and profitability. 
 BSG s financial results are affected by the financial results of BSG s franchised-based business (Armstrong McCall). 
 BSG receives revenue from its sale of products to Armstrong McCall franchisees. Accordingly, a portion of BSG s financial results is to an extent dependent upon the operational and financial success of these franchisees, including their implementation of BSG s strategic plans. If sales trends or economic conditions worsen for Armstrong McCall s franchisees, their financial results may worsen. Additionally, the failure of Armstrong McCall franchisees to renew their franchise agreements, any requirement that Armstrong McCall restructure its franchise agreements in connection with such renewals, or any failure of Armstrong McCall to meet its obligations under its franchise agreements, could result in decreased revenues for BSG or create legal issues with our franchisees or with manufacturers. 
 Furthermore, our franchisees may not run the stores and sales teams according to our standards, which could have a material adverse effect on our brand reputation and our business. 
 We may not be able to successfully identify acquisition candidates or successfully complete desirable acquisitions, and any acquisition could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business or have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In the past several years, we have completed multiple acquisitions and we intend to pursue additional acquisitions in the future. We actively review acquisition prospects that we believe would complement our existing lines of 
 - 12 - 

business, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer profitable growth and operating efficiency opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates. 
 If suitable candidates are identified, we may be unable to reach agreeable acquisition terms with such candidates or may not have access to sufficient funds to complete such acquisitions. We compete against many other companies, some of which are larger and have greater financial and other resources than we do. Increased competition for acquisition candidates could result in fewer acquisition opportunities and higher acquisition prices. In addition, we are highly leveraged and the agreements governing our indebtedness contain limits on our ability to incur additional debt to pay for acquisitions. We may be unable to finance acquisitions that would increase our growth or improve our financial and competitive position. To the extent that debt financing is available to finance acquisitions, our net indebtedness could increase as a result of any acquisitions. Internationally, regulatory requirements, trade barriers and due diligence difficulties, among other considerations, make acquiring suitable foreign candidates more difficult, time-consuming and expensive. 
 Any acquisitions that we do make may be difficult to integrate profitably into our business and may entail numerous risks, including: 

difficulties in assimilating acquired operations, stores or products, including the loss of key employees from acquired businesses 

difficulties and costs associated with integrating and evaluating the distribution or information systems and/or internal control systems of acquired businesses 

difficulties in competing with existing stores or business or diverting sales from our existing stores or business 

expenses associated with the amortization of identifiable intangible assets 

problems retaining key technical, operational and administrative personnel 

diversion of management s attention from our core business, including loss of management focus on marketplace developments 

complying with foreign regulatory requirements, including multi-jurisdictional competition rules and restrictions on trade/imports 

enforcement of intellectual property rights in foreign countries 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, including the potential loss of suppliers of the acquired businesses 

operating inefficiencies and negative impact on profitability 

entering geographic areas or channels in which we have limited or no prior experience and 

those related to general economic and political conditions, including legal and other barriers to cross-border investment in general, or by U.S. companies in particular. 

 In addition, during the acquisition process, we may fail or be unable to discover some of the liabilities of businesses that we acquire. These liabilities may result from a prior owner s noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations. Acquired businesses may also not perform as we expect or we may not be able to obtain the expected financial improvements in the acquired businesses. 
 If we are unable to optimize our store base by profitably opening and operating new stores and closing less profitable stores, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our future growth strategy depends in part on our ability to optimize and profitably operate our stores in existing and additional geographic areas, including in international geographies. While the capital requirements to open a SBS or BSG store, excluding inventory, vary from geography to geography, such capital requirements have historically been relatively low in the U.S. and Canada. Despite these relatively low opening costs, we may not be able to open all the new stores we plan to open and we may be unable to optimize our store base by closing stores that are unprofitable or open stores that are profitable, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our 
 - 13 - 

business, financial condition and results of operations. There are several factors that could affect our ability to open and profitably operate new stores, including: 

the inability to identify and acquire suitable sites or to negotiate acceptable leases for such sites 

proximity to existing stores that may reduce the new store s sales or the sales of existing stores 

difficulties in adapting our distribution and other operational and management systems to an expanded network of stores 

the level of sales made through our e-commerce channels and the potential that sales through our e-commerce channels will divert sales from our stores 

the potential inability to obtain adequate financing to fund expansion because of our high leverage and limitations on our ability to issue equity under our credit agreements, among other things 

increased (and sometimes unanticipated) costs associated with opening stores in international locations 

difficulties in obtaining any governmental and third-party consents, permits and licenses 

limitations on capital expenditures which may be included in financing documents that we enter into and 

difficulties in adapting existing operational and management systems to the requirements of national or regional laws and local ordinances. 

 In addition, as we continue to open new stores, our management, as well as our financial, distribution and information systems, and other resources will be subject to greater demands. If our personnel and systems are unable to successfully manage this increased burden, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected. 
 The political, social and economic conditions in the geographies we serve may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy and regulatory environment generally, both in the U.S. and internationally. Concerns over inflation, employment, tax laws, energy costs, geopolitical issues, terrorism, the availability and cost of credit, the mortgage market, sovereign and private banking systems, sovereign deficits and increasing debt burdens and the real estate and other financial markets in the U.S. and Europe have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the U.S. and certain foreign economies. We appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers and salons and salon professionals. Continued uncertainty in the economy could adversely impact consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products, as well as adversely impact the frequency of salon services performed by professionals using products purchased from us. Factors that could affect consumers willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. In the event of a prolonged economic downturn or acute recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected and we could experience lower than expected net sales. The economic climate could also adversely affect our vendors. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Use of social media may adversely impact our reputation. 
 There has been a substantial increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites and other forms of digital communications, which allows access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be posted on social media platforms or other electronic means at any time and may be adverse to our reputation or business. Customers value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate without allowing us an opportunity for redress or correction. 
 We also use social media platforms as marketing tools. For example, we maintain Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest accounts. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the 
 - 14 - 

use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we have agreements with a variety of industry influencers, and we feature industry influencers in our advertising and marketing efforts and may include them in some of our branding. Further, many industry influencers use our products and feature our products through their own platforms. Actions taken by these individuals could harm our brand image, net revenues and profitability. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, specifically our trademarks and service marks, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 
 We rely upon trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our trademarks, certain of which are material to our business, are registered or legally protected in the U.S., Canada and other countries in which we operate. The success of our business depends to a certain extent upon the value associated with our intellectual property rights. We own certain trademark and service mark rights used in connection with our business including, but not limited to, Sally, Sally Beauty, Sally Beauty Supply, BSG, CosmoProf, Proclub, Armstrong McCall, ion, Beyond the Zone and Salon Services. We protect our intellectual property rights through a variety of methods, including, but not limited to, applying for and obtaining trademark protection in the U.S., Canada and other countries throughout the world in which our business operates. We also rely on trade secret laws, in addition to confidentiality agreements with vendors, employees, consultants and others who have access to our proprietary information. While we intend to vigorously protect our trademarks against infringement, we may not be successful. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. The costs required to protect our intellectual property rights and trademarks are expected to continue to be substantial. 
 We may have to defend our rights in intellectual property that we use in certain of our products, and we could be found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could be disruptive and expensive to our business. 
 The industry in which we operate is characterized by the need for a large number of copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. A third-party may at any time assert that our products violate such party s intellectual property rights. Successful intellectual property claims against us could result in significant financial liabilities and/or prevent us from selling certain of our products. In addition, the resolution of infringement claims may require us to redesign our products, to obtain licenses to use intellectual property belonging to third parties, which may not be attainable on reasonable terms, or to cease using the intellectual property altogether. Moreover, any intellectual property claim, regardless of its merits, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against and could divert the attention of management. As a result, claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights, regardless of outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by any disruption in our information technology systems. 
 Our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. We rely upon such information technology systems to manage and replenish inventory, to fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis, to coordinate our sales activities across all of our products and services, to coordinate our administrative activities and to protect confidential information that we receive and maintain about our customers, employees and other third parties. A substantial disruption in our information technology systems for any prolonged time period (arising from, for example, system capacity limits from unexpected increases in our volume of business, outages or delays in our service) could result in delays in receiving inventory and supplies or filling customer orders and adversely affect our customer service and relationships. Such delays, problems or costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As our operations grow in both size and scope, we continuously need to improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining their reliability and integrity. The expansion of our systems and infrastructure will require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of our business increases, with no assurance that the volume of business will increase. For example, we are currently introducing new point-of-sale systems, which we anticipate will provide significant benefits, including our customers shopping 
 - 15 - 

experience. In addition, we are in the process of implementing a new merchandising and supply chain platform, which we anticipate will improve our merchandising capabilities and our ability to position inventory across our nodes . The devel opment and implementation of new systems and any other future upgrades to our systems and information technology may require significant costs and divert our management s attention and other resources from our core business. There are also no assurances that these new systems and upgrades will provide us with the anticipated benefits and efficiencies. Many of our systems are proprietary, and as a result our options are limited in seeking third-party help with the operation and upgrade of those systems. There can be no assurance that the time and resources our management will need to devote to operations and upgrades, any delays due to the installation of any upgrade (and customer issues therewith), any resulting service outages, or the impact on the reliability of our data from any upgrade or any legacy system, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We have experienced data security incidents. 
 As previously disclosed, we experienced data security incidents during the fiscal years 2014 and 2015 (together, the data security incidents ). The data security incidents involved the unauthorized installation of malicious software (malware) on our information technology systems, including our point-of-sale systems that, may have placed at risk certain payment card data for some transactions. The costs that the Company has incurred in connection with the data security incidents include assessments from payment card networks, professional advisory fees, legal costs and expenses relating to investigating and remediating the data security incidents. We may have also suffered reputational harm due to multiple data security incidents and may incur additional costs and expenses related to the data security incidents in the future. As detailed above, these costs may result from potential additional liabilities to payment card networks, governmental or third-party investigations, proceedings or litigation, legal and other fees necessary to defend against any potential liabilities or claims, and further investigatory and remediation costs. The potential liabilities or other remedies against us related to the data security incidents may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Unauthorized access to confidential information and data on our information technology systems and security and data breaches could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 As part of our operations, we receive and maintain information about our customers, employees and other third parties. We have physical, technical and procedural safeguards in place that are designed to protect information and protect against security and data breaches as well as fraudulent transactions and other activities. Despite these safeguards and our other security processes and protections, we cannot be assured that all of our systems and processes are free from vulnerability to security breaches (through cyber-attacks, which are evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, physical breach or other means) or inadvertent data disclosure by third parties or us. A significant data security breach, including misappropriation of our customers or employees confidential information, could result in significant costs to us, which may include, among others, potential liabilities to payment card networks for reimbursements of credit card fraud and card reissuance costs, including fines and penalties, potential liabilities from governmental or third-party investigations, proceedings or litigation, legal, forensic and consulting fees and expenses, costs and diversion of management attention required for investigation and remediation actions, and the negative impact on our reputation and loss of confidence of our customers, suppliers and others, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 In response to the data security incidents, we have taken and are continuing to take actions to further strengthen the security of our information technology systems, including adopting payment terminals with end-to-end encryption technology in order to enhance the security of our credit card payment systems. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that our security upgrades will be effective, that we will not suffer a similar criminal attack in the future, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to confidential information, or that any such incident will be discovered promptly. In particular, we understand that the techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. The failure to promptly detect, determine the extent of and appropriately respond to a significant data security breach could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 - 16 - 

If we fail to attract and retain highly skilled management and other personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Our success has depended, and will continue to depend, in large part on our ability to attract and retain senior executives who possess extensive knowledge, experience and managerial skill applicable to our business. Significant leadership changes or executive management transitions involve inherent risk and any failure to ensure the effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth transition could hinder our strategic planning, execution and future performance. In addition, from time to time, key executive personnel leave our Company and we may not be successful in attracting, integrating and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably. While we strive to mitigate the negative impact associated with the loss of a key executive employee, an unsuccessful transition or loss could significantly disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are also dependent on training, motivating and managing our store employees that interact with our customers on a daily basis. Competition for these types of qualified employees is intense and the failure to attract, retain and properly train qualified and motivated employees could result in decreased customer satisfaction, loss of customers, and lower sales. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters or acts of violence or terrorism could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters or acts of violence or terrorism could result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closure of stores or distribution centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores, and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by customers. If one or more natural disasters or acts of violence or terrorism were to impact our business, we could, among other things, incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing products. Furthermore, insurance costs associated with our business may rise significantly in the event of a large scale natural disaster or act of violence or terrorism. 
 Any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution facilities could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores, full service customers or e-commerce customers in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. 
 We distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with direct-to-store arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. We are a retailer carrying beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. Any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores, full service customers or e-commerce customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. 
 We are a holding company with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 
 We are a holding company and do not have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries. Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to pay dividends is highly dependent on the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. The ability of our subsidiaries to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to allow us and them to make scheduled payments on our obligations will depend on their future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that the cash flow and earnings of our operating subsidiaries will be adequate for our subsidiaries to service their debt obligations. If our subsidiaries do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy corporate obligations, we may have to: undertake alternative financing plans (such as refinancing), restructure debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. We cannot assure you that any such alternative refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or that additional financing would be 
 - 17 - 

permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our previously announced share repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. 
 Repurchases pursuant to our share repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a share repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. Furthermore, the program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time and any suspension or discontinuation could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 
 A portion of our indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates. 
 Borrowings under our ABL facility and the variable portion of our term loan B are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness referred to above would increase even if the principal amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows will correspondingly decrease. We are currently party to, and in the future, we may enter into additional, derivative instruments, such as interest rate caps, to reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates. However, we may not maintain derivative instruments with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any instruments we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 In addition, amounts drawn under our ABL facility and the variable portion of our term loan B may bear interest rates in relation to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. It is unclear if LIBOR will cease to exist at that time or if new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021. The expected phase out of LIBOR could cause market volatility or disruption and may adversely affect our access to the capital markets and cost of funding. Furthermore, while both the ABL facility and the variable portion of our term loan B contain fallback provisions providing for alternative rate calculations in the event LIBOR is unavailable, these fallback provisions may not adequately address the actual changes to LIBOR or successor rates. 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations could result in higher costs and decreased margins and earnings. 
 Many of our products are sold outside of the United States. As a result, we conduct transactions in various currencies, which increase our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Our international revenues and expenses generally are derived from sales and operations in foreign currencies, and these revenues and expenses could be affected by currency fluctuations, including amounts recorded in foreign currencies and translated into U.S. dollars for consolidated financial reporting. Currency exchange rate fluctuations could also disrupt the business of the independent manufacturers that produce our products by making their purchases of raw materials more expensive and more difficult to finance. Foreign currency fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have substantial debt and may incur substantial additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health, our ability to obtain financing in the future and our ability to react to changes in our business. 
 As of September 30, 2019, certain of our subsidiaries, including Sally Holdings LLC, which we refer to as Sally Holdings, had an aggregate principal amount of approximately 1,610.1 million of outstanding debt, including capital lease obligations. 
 - 18 - 

Our substantial debt could have significant consequences. For example, it could: 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes 

restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us, which could limit our ability to conduct repurchases of our own equity securities or pay dividends to our stockholders, thereby limiting our ability to enhance stockholder value through such transactions 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations (because a portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest), including borrowings under our 500 million asset-based senior secured loan facility, which we refer to as the ABL facility and a portion of our term loan B 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with proportionately less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates and that, as a result, may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns 

limit our ability to refinance indebtedness or cause the associated costs of such refinancing to increase and 

limit our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures, or prevent us from carrying out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve operating margins or our business. 

 Any of the foregoing impacts of our substantial indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. As of September 30, 2019, our ABL facility provided us commitments for additional borrowings of up to approximately 482.0 million, subject to borrowing base limitations. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we face would increase, and we may not be able to meet all our debt obligations. 
 The agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business. 
 The agreement governing our ABL facility contains covenants that, among other things, restrict Sally Holdings and its subsidiaries ability to: 

change their line of business 

engage in certain mergers, consolidations and transfers of all or substantially all of their assets 

make certain dividends, share repurchases and other distributions 

make acquisitions of all of the business or assets of, or stock representing beneficial ownership of, any person 

dispose of certain assets 

make voluntary prepayments on the senior notes or make amendments to the terms thereof 

prepay certain other debt or amend specific debt agreements 

change the fiscal year of Sally Holdings or its direct parent and 

create or incur negative pledges. 

 - 19 - 

In addition, if Sally Holdings fails to maintain a specified minimum level of borrowing capacity under the ABL facility, it will then be obligated to maintain a specified fixed-charge coverage ratio. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which in turn will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will also depend substantially on the pricing of our products, our success at implementing cost reduction initiatives and our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. 
 The indentures governing the senior notes and our institutional term loan also contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of Sally Holdings and its restricted subsidiaries to: 

dispose of assets 

incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees of additional indebtedness) 

pay dividends, repurchase stock or make other distributions 

prepay subordinated debt 

create liens on assets 

make investments (including joint ventures) 

engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of Sally Holdings assets 

engage in certain transactions with affiliates and 

permit restrictions on Sally Holdings subsidiaries ability to pay dividends. 

 The restrictions in the indentures governing our senior notes and the covenants in our institutional term loan, and the terms of our ABL facility and the institutional term loan may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. We cannot assure you that our subsidiaries, which are borrowers under these agreements, will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements if they are unable to comply with these agreements, or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 
 Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the senior notes and the institutional term loan, and the terms of our ABL facility may be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions beyond our control. The breach of any of these covenants and restrictions could result in a default under either the ABL facility, the institutional term loan or the indentures that would permit the applicable lenders or senior note holders, as the case may be, to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations, such as the lenders under the ABL facility, could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. In any such case, our subsidiaries may be unable to borrow under the ABL facility and may not be able to repay the amounts due under the senior notes and the institutional term loan. This could have serious consequences to our financial condition and results of operations and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 - 20 - 

ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Substantially all of our stores and a number of our warehouse and remote office locations are leased while our corporate headquarters in Denton, Texas and three warehouses/distribution centers are owned. The average store lease is for a term of five years with customary renewal options. The following table provides the number of stores in the U.S. and certain international locations, as of September 30, 2019: 

SBS 

BSG 

Location 

Company- 
 Operated 

Franchise 

Company- 
 Operated 

Franchise 

United States (excluding Puerto Rico) 

2,753 

1,097 

146 

Puerto Rico 

38 

2 

International: 

United Kingdom 

249 

4 

Mexico 

248 

Canada 

139 

121 

France 

76 

1 

Belgium 

48 

2 

Chile 

37 

Netherlands 

30 

Spain 

26 

Other 

38 

6 

Total International 

891 

13 

121 

Total Store Count 

3,682 

13 

1,220 

146 

The following table provides locations for our significant offices and warehouses and our corporate headquarters, as of September 30, 2019: 

Location 

Type of Facility 

Sq. Feet 

Business 
 Segment 

Company-Owned Properties: 

Denton, Texas 

Corporate Headquarters 

200,000 

N/A 

Reno, Nevada 

Warehouse 

253,000 

SBS 

Columbus, Ohio 

Warehouse 

246,000 

SBS 

Jacksonville, Florida 

Warehouse 

237,000 

SBS 

Leased Properties: 

Fort Worth, Texas (a) 

Warehouse 

494,000 

SBS & BSG 

Greenville, Ohio 

Office, Warehouse 

246,000 

BSG 

Fresno, California 

Warehouse 

200,000 

BSG 

Blackburn, Lancashire, England 

Warehouse 

195,000 

SBS 

Spartanburg, South Carolina 

Warehouse 

190,000 

BSG 

Pottsville, Pennsylvania 

Office, Warehouse 

140,000 

BSG 

Clackamas, Oregon 

Warehouse 

104,000 

BSG 

Ghent, Belgium 

Office, Warehouse 

94,000 

SBS 

Ronse, Belgium 

Office, Warehouse 

91,000 

SBS 

Guadalupe, Nuevo Leon, Mexico 

Warehouse 

78,000 

SBS 

Calgary, Alberta, Canada 

Warehouse 

62,000 

BSG 

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada 

Warehouse 

60,000 

BSG 

(a) 
 
 As of September 30, 2019, we have entered into a lease agreement, but this facility has not opened. 

- 21 - 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved, from time to time, in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of our business in the ordinary course. We carry insurance coverage in such amounts in excess of our self-insured retention as we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and that may or may not cover any or all of our liabilities in respect of these matters. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
 We are subject to a number of U.S., federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as the laws and regulations applicable in each foreign country or jurisdiction in which we do business. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, the composition, packaging, labeling and safety of the products we sell, the methods we use to sell these products and the methods we use to import these products. We believe that we are in material compliance with such laws and regulations, although no assurance can be provided that this will remain true going forward. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 - 22 - 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SBH. 
 Holders 
 As of November 15, 2019, there were 648 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid dividends at any time during the two fiscal years prior to the date of this Annual Report. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings to support investments in our business, to repay outstanding debt or to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Any determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, cash requirements and other factors that our Board of Directors deem relevant. 
 We depend on our subsidiaries for cash that we would use to pay dividends. However, the terms of our debt agreements and instruments significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make certain restricted payments to us and our ability to pay dividends. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future that may severely restrict or prohibit our subsidiaries from making distributions, paying dividends or making loans to us. 
 - 23 - 

Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph illustrates the five-year comparative total return among Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., the S&P 500 Index S&P 500 and the Dow Jones U.S. Specialty Retailers Index DJ US Specialty Retailers assuming that 100 was invested on September 30, 2014 and that dividends, if any, were reinvested. The DJ US Specialty Retailers is a non-managed index and provides a comprehensive view of issuers, including our common stock, that are primarily in the U.S. retail sector. 

Fiscal year ended 

September 30, 2014 

September 30, 2015 

September 30, 2016 

September 30, 2017 

September 30, 2018 

September 30, 2019 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 

100.00 

86.77 

93.83 

71.54 

67.19 

54.40 

S&P 500 

100.00 

99.39 

114.72 

136.07 

160.44 

167.27 

DJ US Specialty Retailers 

100.00 

123.60 

122.17 

137.89 

206.20 

195.30 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table provides information about the Company s repurchases of shares of its common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2019: 

Fiscal Period 

Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 

Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1)(2) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

July 1 through July 31, 2019 

834,098,375 

August 1 through August 31, 2019 

3,562,426 

13.07 

3,562,426 

787,477,748 

September 1 through September 30, 2019 

787,477,748 

Total this quarter 

3,562,426 

13.07 

3,562,426 

787,477,748 

(1) 
 
 The table above does not include 36,926 shares of the Company s common stock surrendered by grantees during the three months ended September 30, 2019 to satisfy tax withholding obligations due upon the vesting of equity-based awards under the Company s share-based compensation plans. 

(2) 
 
 On August 31, 2017, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to 1.0 billion of our common stock over an approximate four-year period expiring on September 30, 2021 (the 2017 Share Repurchase Program ). 

 - 24 - 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 The following table presents selected financial data of Sally Beauty for each of the years in the five-year period ended September 30, 2019 (dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data): 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Results of operations: 

Net sales 

3,876,411 

3,932,565 

3,938,317 

3,952,618 

3,834,343 

Cost of goods sold 

1,965,869 

1,988,152 

1,973,422 

1,988,678 

1,936,492 

Gross profit 

1,910,542 

1,944,413 

1,964,895 

1,963,940 

1,897,851 

Selling, general and administrative expenses (a) 

1,452,751 

1,484,209 

1,463,619 

1,465,643 

1,402,525 

Restructuring 

(682 

33,615 

22,679 

Operating earnings 

458,473 

426,589 

478,597 

498,297 

495,326 

Interest expense (b) 

96,309 

98,162 

132,899 

144,237 

116,842 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

362,164 

328,427 

345,698 

354,060 

378,484 

Provision for income taxes 

90,541 

70,380 

130,622 

131,118 

143,397 

Net earnings 

271,623 

258,047 

215,076 

222,942 

235,087 

Earnings per share 

Basic 

2.27 

2.09 

1.56 

1.51 

1.50 

Diluted 

2.26 

2.08 

1.56 

1.50 

1.49 

Weighted average shares, basic 

119,636 

123,190 

137,533 

147,179 

156,353 

Weighted average shares, diluted 

120,283 

123,832 

138,176 

148,803 

158,226 

Operating data: 

Number of stores, including franchises (at end of period): 

SBS 

3,695 

3,761 

3,782 

3,781 

3,673 

BSG 

1,366 

1,395 

1,368 

1,338 

1,294 

Consolidated 

5,061 

5,156 

5,150 

5,119 

4,967 

Distributor sales consultants (at end of period) 

748 

820 

829 

914 

938 

Same store sales growth (decline) (c) : 

SBS 

0.4 

(1.5 

(1.6 

1.7 

1.7 

BSG 

0.2 

(1.5 

1.3 

5.5 

5.7 

Consolidated 

0.3 

(1.5 

(0.7 

2.9 

2.9 

Financial condition (at end of period): 

Cash and cash equivalents 

71,495 

77,295 

63,759 

86,622 

140,038 

Inventory 

952,907 

944,338 

930,855 

907,337 

885,214 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

319,628 

308,357 

313,717 

319,558 

270,847 

Total assets 

2,098,446 

2,097,414 

2,099,007 

2,095,038 

2,063,392 

Long-term debt, excluding current maturities 

1,594,542 

1,768,808 

1,771,853 

1,783,294 

1,786,839 

Stockholders deficit (d) 

(60,323 

(268,556 

(363,616 

(276,166 

(297,821 

(a) 
 
 In the fiscal years 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016 and 2015, selling, general and administrative expenses include depreciation and amortization of 107.7 million, 108.8 million, 112.3 million, 99.7 million and 89.4 million, respectively. 

(b) 
 
 In the fiscal years 2017 and 2016, interest expense reflects a loss on extinguishment of debt of 28.0 million and 33.3 million, respectively, related to our refinancing of certain outstanding senior notes in the ordinary course of our business. 

(c 
 
 For the purpose of calculating our same store sales metrics, we compare the current period sales for stores open for 14 months or longer as of the last day of a month with the sales for these stores for the comparable period in the prior fiscal year. Our same store sales are calculated in constant U.S. dollars and include e-commerce sales from only certain digital platforms, but do not generally include the sales from stores relocated until 14 months after the relocation. The sales from stores acquired are excluded from our same store sales calculation until 14 months after the acquisition. 

(d 
 
 Stockholders deficit for the fiscal years 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016 and 2015 reflects the repurchase and retirement of 3.6 million shares, 10.0 million shares, 16.1 million shares, 7.8 million shares and 8.1 million shares of our common stock at a cost of 46.6 million, 165.9 million, 346.1 million, 207.3 million and 227.6 million, respectively, under share repurchase programs approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

 - 25 - 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following section discusses management s view of the financial condition as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, and the results of operations and cash flows for the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2019, of Sally Beauty. This section should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Sally Beauty and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section may contain forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements that could cause results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. 
 Highlights of the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2019: 

Consolidated net sales for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, decreased 56.2 million, or 1.4 , to 3,876.4 million, compared to the prior fiscal year. Consolidated net sales for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, include a negative impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 31.9 million, or 0.8 of consolidated net sales 

Consolidated same store sales increased 0.3 and consolidated e-commerce sales increased by 29.4 compared to the prior fiscal year 

Consolidated gross profit for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, decreased by 33.9 million, or 1.7 , to 1,910.5 million, compared to the prior fiscal year. Gross margin decreased 10 basis points to 49.3 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, compared to the prior fiscal year 

Consolidated operating earnings for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, increased 31.9 million, or 7.5 , to 458.5 million, compared to the prior fiscal year. Operating margin increased 100 basis points to 11.8 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, compared to the prior fiscal year 

Consolidated net earnings increased 13.6 million, or 5.3 , to 271.6 million, compared to the prior fiscal year 

Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, were 2.26 compared to 2.08 for the prior fiscal year 

Cash provided by operations was 320.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, compared to 372.7 million for the prior fiscal year 

During the year, we strategically paid down an additional 115.0 million aggregate principle of our term loan B and repurchased approximately 64.8 million aggregate principal amount of our 2023 and 2025 senior notes 

We repurchased and retired approximately 3.6 million shares of our common stock under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program at an aggregate cost of 46.6 million and 

In September 2019, we entered into a multi-year agreement with Alliance Data s card services business to launch a private label credit card for both SBS and BSG to benefit our retail and professional customers. 

 Business Strategy Update 
 We continue to make solid progress against our transformation as we play to win by focusing on hair color and hair care, improve our retail fundamentals, advance our digital commerce capabilities and drive cost out of the business. As part of this effort, we made progress on our supply chain modernization effort, reduced our debt levels, and rolled out new e-commerce tools such as the Sally Beauty Supply app. 
 During the year, we began rolling out a new point-of-sale system in both SBS and BSG nationwide, which will allow our store associates to better serve our customers. 
 In February 2019, we announced our supply chain modernization plans to gain efficiencies and cost savings. During the fiscal year 2019, we have closed select fulfillment centers, including in the U.S. and within Europe, and identified a location in Texas and signed a lease agreement for a new approximately 500,000 square foot automated 
 - 26 - 

and concentrated distribution center , which we anticipate opening by March 2020 . Additionally, we identified a location and signed a lease agreement for a new distribution center that will service operations in Ghent, Belgium. 
 Results of Operations 
 Key Operating Metrics 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information concerning key measures we rely on to assess our operating performance (dollars in thousands): 

2019 vs 2018 

2018 vs 2017 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

Amount 

Amount 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Change 

Change 

Change 

Change 

Net sales: 

SBS 

2,293,094 

2,333,838 

2,345,116 

(40,744 

(1.7 

(11,278 

(0.5 

BSG 

1,583,317 

1,598,727 

1,593,201 

(15,410 

(1.0 

5,526 

0.3 

Consolidated 

3,876,411 

3,932,565 

3,938,317 

(56,154 

(1.4 

(5,752 

(0.1 

Gross profit: 

SBS 

1,272,263 

1,292,725 

1,303,976 

(20,462 

(1.6 

(11,251 

(0.9 

BSG 

638,279 

651,688 

660,919 

(13,409 

(2.1 

(9,231 

(1.4 

Consolidated 

1,910,542 

1,944,413 

1,964,895 

(33,871 

(1.7 

(20,482 

(1.0 

Segment gross margin: 

SBS 

55.5 

55.4 

55.6 

10 

bps 

(20 

bps 

BSG 

40.3 

40.8 

41.5 

(50 

bps 

(70 

bps 

Consolidated 

49.3 

49.4 

49.9 

(10 

bps 

(50 

bps 

Net earnings: 

Segment operating earnings: 

SBS 

366,412 

362,853 

385,407 

3,559 

1.0 

(22,554 

(5.9 

BSG 

239,572 

240,225 

254,691 

(653 

(0.3 

(14,466 

(5.7 

Segment operating earnings 

605,984 

603,078 

640,098 

2,906 

0.5 

(37,020 

(5.8 

Unallocated expenses and restructuring (a) (b) 

(147,511 

(176,489 

(161,501 

28,978 

(16.4 

(14,988 

9.3 

Consolidated operating earnings 

458,473 

426,589 

478,597 

31,884 

7.5 

(52,008 

(10.9 

Interest expense 

96,309 

98,162 

132,899 

(1,853 

(1.9 

(34,737 

(26.1 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

362,164 

328,427 

345,698 

33,737 

10.3 

(17,271 

(5.0 

Provision for income taxes 

90,541 

70,380 

130,622 

20,161 

28.6 

(60,242 

(46.1 

Net earnings 

271,623 

258,047 

215,076 

13,576 

5.3 

42,971 

20.0 

Number of stores at end-of-period (including franchises): 

SBS 

3,695 

3,761 

3,782 

(66 

(1.8 

(21 

(0.6 

BSG 

1,366 

1,395 

1,368 

(29 

(2.1 

27 

2.0 

Consolidated 

5,061 

5,156 

5,150 

(95 

(1.8 

6 

0.1 

Same store sales growth (decline) 

SBS 

0.4 

(1.5 

(1.6 

190 

bps 

10 

bps 

BSG 

0.2 

(1.5 

1.3 

170 

bps 

(280 

bps 

Consolidated 

0.3 

(1.5 

(0.7 

180 

bps 

(80 

bps 

(a) 
 
 Unallocated expenses represent certain corporate costs (such as payroll, share-based compensation, employee benefits and travel expense for corporate staff, certain professional fees and corporate governance expenses) that have not been charged to our segments and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. For the fiscal year 2018, unallocated expenses reflect expenses of 7.9 million in connection with the data security incidents. 

(b) 
 
 Restructuring charges relate to the supply chain modernization plan, 2018 Restructuring Plan and the 2017 Restructuring Plan. 

 - 27 - 

The Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2019 compared to the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2018 
 Net Sales 
 SBS . The decrease in net sales for SBS was primarily driven by the following (in thousands): 

Foreign currency exchange 

(27,395 

Stores outside same store sales 

(18,040 

Same store sales 

4,578 

Other (a) 

113 

Total 

(40,744 

(a) 
 
 Other consists of non-store sales, which include catalog and internet sales of our Sinelco Group subsidiaries. 

 SBS experienced lower unit volume, including lower customer traffic and the impact of fewer company-operated stores, partially offset by a positive impact from increase in average unit prices, resulting from price increases and a promotional efficiency effort (which reduced promotions that provided free units, such as Buy One, Get One offers). 
 BSG . The decrease in net sales for BSG was driven by the following (in thousands): 

Distributor sales consultants 

(12,092 

Foreign currency exchange 

(4,534 

Same store sales 

1,722 

Other (a) 

(506 

Total 

(15,410 

(a) 
 
 Other consists of stores outside same store sales and sales to our franchisees. 

 BSG experienced a decrease in unit volume, including from the impact of fewer company-operated stores, partially offset by an increase in average unit prices (resulting primarily from the introduction of certain third-party brands with higher average unit prices in the preceding 12 months). 
 Gross Profit 
 SBS . SBS s gross profit decreased as a result of lower sales, partially offset by a higher gross margin. The higher gross margin reflects improved gross margins in our U.S. and Canadian operations, from price increases and promotional efficiency efforts, partially offset by weaker gross margins in our European operations. 
 BSG . BSG s gross profit decreased as a result of lower sales and a lower gross margin. The decrease in the gross margin was primarily a result of challenges related to the ongoing merchandising transformation. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Consolidated. Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses decreased primarily as a result of lower compensation and compensation-related expenses, lower advertising expenses, no expenses related to the data security incidents and the positive impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This decrease was partially offset by higher facility expenses and expenses related to our information technology systems. 
 SBS . SBS s selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 24.0 million, or 2.6 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. This decrease was primarily as a result of the impact of the 2018 Restructuring Plan, our recently implemented field structure realignment and store labor hour optimization initiatives (net of labor rate inflation), the positive impact from changes in the foreign currency exchange rate of approximately 11.3 million and lower advertising expense of 6.7 million. This decrease was partially offset by higher facility costs of 2.3 million and the impact of the reduction of an estimated casualty loss related to hurricanes of 2.4 million during fiscal year 2018 . 
 BSG . BSG s selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 12.8 million, or 3.1 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. This decrease was primarily as a result of as a result of the impact of the 2018 Restructuring 
 - 28 - 

Plan, lower sales commissions of 3. 5 million, lower advertising expenses of 2. 9 million and a positive impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rate of approximately 1. 4 million. 
 Unallocated. Unallocated selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5.3 million, or 3.7 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. This increase is primarily a result of higher expenses related to our information technology systems and no comparable positive adjustments related to our actuarially determined insurance liabilities in the current year compared to 6.9 million in the prior year. These increases were partially offset by no expenses related to the data security incidents compared to 7.9 million in the prior year. 
 Restructuring 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we recognized a 8.4 million gain resulting from the sale of our secondary headquarters and fulfillment center in Denton, Texas, and our Marinette, Wisconsin, fulfillment center in connection with the supply chain modernization plan, partially offset by charges of 7.7 million in connection with our supply chain modernization plan and the 2018 Restructuring Plan. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately 33.6 million in connection with the 2018 Restructuring Plan. See Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about our restructuring plans. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased as a result of fewer borrowings under the ABL facility during the current fiscal year and lower outstanding principal balances on our senior notes and term loan B. This decrease was partially offset by a higher interest rate on our term loan B variable tranche. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 and 2018, our effective tax rate was 25.0 and 21.4 , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate was due primarily to the impact of U.S. Tax Reform in the prior year, partially offset by a decrease in our federal statutory tax rate this year to 21.0 compared to 24.5 in the prior year. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about the impact of the U.S. Tax Reform on our consolidated financial statements. 
 The Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2018 compared to the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017 
 Net Sales 
 SBS . The decrease in net sales for SBS was primarily driven by a decrease in same store sales of approximately 23.7 million and lower net sales from new company-operated stores of approximately 17.9 million, partially offset by the positive impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately 30.1 million. 
 SBS experienced lower unit volume, including lower customer traffic, partially offset by a positive impact from an increase in average unit prices, resulting primarily from select price increases in certain geographical areas of the U.S. and a change in product mix (to higher-priced products) resulting from shifts in customer preferences. 
 BSG . The increase in net sales for BSG was driven by the impact of the Chalut acquisition, net of the impact of Peerless sales in the prior year now included in same store sales, of approximately 10.1 million, the positive impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately 3.0 million and higher net sales from other sales channels of approximately 7.2 million, partially offset by decreases in sales by our DSCs of approximately 11.1 million and same store sales of approximately 3.8 million. Net sales from other sales channels include sales from new company-operated stores, sales to our franchisees and sales by our DSCs. 
 BSG experienced an increase in average unit prices (resulting primarily from the introduction of certain third-party brands with higher average unit prices in the preceding 12 months), partially offset by a decrease in unit volume (notwithstanding the impact of incremental sales from 28 company-operated stores opened or acquired during the last 12 months). In addition, we were impacted by vendor supply chain issues that negatively affected BSG s net sales by approximately 13 million. 
 - 29 - 

Gross Profit 
 SBS . SBS s gross profit decreased as a result of lower sales and a lower gross margin. This decrease reflects a change in geographic sales mix, as a result of lower-margin non-U.S. sales making up a greater portion of total segment sales, and higher coupon redemption, compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 BSG . BSG s gross profit decreased as a result of a lower gross margin, partially offset by higher sales. BSG s gross margin decrease was driven by opportunistic purchases that were not repeated from the prior year and lower vendor allowances. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Consolidated. Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of the negative impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact from the Chalut acquisition, higher expenses related to the data security incidents and higher facility expenses. These increases were partially offset by a reduction of estimated casualty loss and no comparable casualty loss this fiscal year, positive impact from gift card breakage, positive adjustments to actuarially determined insurance liabilities and cost reduction initiatives, related to our restructuring plans. Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, increased 50 basis points to 37.7 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. 
 SBS . SBS s selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of the negative impact from changes in the foreign currency exchange rate of approximately 13.2 million, higher facility expense of 5.0 million and higher advertising expense of 2.0 million. These increases were partially offset by the impact of the reduction of prior year s estimated casualty loss, in connection with natural disasters that occurred in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2017, and no comparable casualty losses this fiscal year, in the aggregate, of 6.5 million and by positive impact from gift card breakage of 2.1 million in the current fiscal year. 
 BSG . BSG s selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of the incremental operating expenses associated with Chalut of 8.6 million and higher facility expenses of 3.3 million. These increases were partially offset by lower commission expense of 3.0 million, advertising expense of 1.5 million and intangible asset amortization expense of 1.3 million, resulting from the impact of intangible assets that became fully amortized in the preceding 12 months. 
 Unallocated. Unallocated selling, general and administrative expenses increased 4.1 million, or 2.9 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. This increase includes expenses related to the previously disclosed data security incidents of 7.9 million and higher professional fees of 1.7 million. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about the data security incidents. This increase was partially offset by lower compensation and compensation-related expenses of 4.3 million primarily due to the results of the 2018 Restructuring Plan. In addition, for our actuarially determined insurance liabilities, we recorded net positive adjustments of 6.9 million in fiscal year 2018 as a result of a decrease in our estimated future payments, compared to positive adjustments of 5.7 million in fiscal year 2017. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 Restructuring charges increased 10.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately 33.6 million in connection with the 2018 Restructuring Plan, including severance and related expenses of approximately 15.6 million, consulting expenses of 10.9 million and other costs of 7.1 million. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately 22.7 million in connection with the 2017 Restructuring Plan, including severance and related expenses of 12.1 million, facility closure expenses of 6.7 million and other expenses of 3.9 million. See Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about our restructuring plans. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased as a result of a loss on extinguishment of debt of 28.0 million in the prior fiscal year, compared to 0.9 million in the current fiscal year. These losses were the result of our redemption of certain senior notes in July 2017 with the proceeds from the term loan B with lower interest rates in the prior fiscal year and from the repricing of the variable-rate tranche of the term loan B in the current fiscal year. The lower interest rate on the 
 - 30 - 

term loan B reduced interest expense by 8.8 million. The decrease was offset in part by incremental interest expense of 1.3 million in connection with borrowings under the ABL facility. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes was 70.4 million and 130.6 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 21.4 and 37.8 , for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate was due primarily to the impact of the U.S. Tax Reform. More specifically, we recognized a provisional income tax benefit of 37.7 million in connection with the revaluation of our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, including a benefit related to the adoption of income tax method changes of 2.7 million, and a provisional income tax charge of 11.7 million for federal and state income taxes applicable to accumulated but undistributed earnings of our foreign operations. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about the impact of the U.S. Tax Reform on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We are highly leveraged and a substantial portion of our liquidity needs will arise from debt service on our outstanding indebtedness and from funding the costs of operations, working capital, capital expenditures and opportunistic share repurchases. Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) increased 43.6 million to 707.5 million at September 30, 2019, compared to 663.9 million at September 30, 2018, resulting primarily from the reduction in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and the increase in vendor receivables included in accounts receivable, other. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 2.55 to 1.00 at September 30, 2019, compared to 2.35 to 1.00 at September 30, 2018. 
 At September 30, 2019, cash and cash equivalents were 71.5 million. Based upon the current level of operations and anticipated growth, we anticipate that existing cash balances (excluding certain amounts permanently invested in connection with foreign operations), funds expected to be generated by operations and funds available under the ABL facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements, potential acquisitions, finance anticipated capital expenditures, including information technology upgrades and store remodels, debt repayment and opportunistic share repurchases over the next 12 months. For the foreseeable future, we will prioritize needed investments in our business that we believe will deliver value for shareholders, and will consider measured debt repayment within our ratings guidance as well as opportunistic share repurchases. 
 We utilize our ABL facility for the issuance of letters of credit, for certain working capital and liquidity needs and to manage normal fluctuations in our operational cash flow. In that regard, we may from time to time draw funds under the ABL facility for general corporate purposes including funding of capital expenditures, acquisitions, interest payments due on our indebtedness, paying down other debt and share repurchases. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, the weighted average interest rate on our borrowings under the ABL facility was 4.64 . The amounts drawn are generally paid down with cash provided by our operating activities. As of September 30, 2019, 2018, Sally Holdings had 482.0 million available for borrowings under the ABL facility, subject to borrowing base limitations, as reduced by 18.0 million in outstanding letters of credit. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, we repurchased and subsequently retired approximately 3.6 million shares, 10.0 million shares and 16.1 million shares, respectively, of our common stock under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program or the 2014 Share Repurchase Program at a cost of 46.6 million, 165.9 million and 346.1 million, respectively. We funded these share repurchases with cash from operations and borrowings under the ABL facility. As of September 30, 2019, we had approximately 787.5 million of additional share repurchase authorization remaining under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program . 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 For the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, our primary sources of cash have been funds provided by operating activities and, when necessary, borrowings under our ABL facility, as appropriate. The primary non-operating uses of cash during the past three years were for share repurchases, debt service and capital expenditures. 
 - 31 - 

The following table shows our sources and uses of cash for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2018 

Change 

2018 

2017 

Change 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

320,415 

372,661 

(52,246 

372,661 

343,286 

29,375 

Net cash used by investing activities 

(95,867 

(95,313 

(554 

(95,313 

(89,625 

(5,688 

Net cash used by financing activities 

(229,308 

(263,282 

33,974 

(263,282 

(277,303 

14,021 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rate 
 changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(1,040 

(530 

(510 

(530 

779 

(1,309 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 and cash equivalents 

(5,800 

13,536 

(19,336 

13,536 

(22,863 

36,399 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, primarily due to a focused reduction of accounts payable and the timing of vendor receivables. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, primarily due to favorable cash impact of improved net earnings and accrued liabilities, partially offset by the unfavorable impact by deferred taxes and merchandise purchases. 
 Net Cash Used by Investing Activities 
 Net cash used by investing activities increased slightly for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, due to an increase in capital expenditures primarily from investments in our information technology systems, partially offset by proceeds received from the sale our secondary headquarters and fulfillment center in Denton, Texas and our fulfillment center in Marinette, Wisconsin, and as a result of not having any significant acquisitions in the current year. 
 Net cash used by investing activities increased for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, primarily due to the acquisition of Chalut. 
 Net Cash Used by Financing Activities 
 Net cash used by financing activities decreased for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, driven by fewer shares repurchased, partially offset by additional debt reduction. 
 Net cash used by financing activities decreased for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018, compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, primarily due to a decrease in share repurchases of 180.2 million. This decrease was partially offset by lower net debt proceeds, primarily from repayments on the ABL facility and term loan B. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 At September 30, 2019, we have 1,609.3 million in outstanding principal under a term loan B and senior notes, not including capital leases, unamortized debt issuance costs or debt discounts, in the aggregate, of 16.4 million. There were no outstanding balances under the ABL facility at September 30, 2019. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 contained in this Annual Report for additional information about our debt. 
 We are currently in compliance with the agreements and instruments governing our debt, including our financial covenants. 
 Capital Requirements 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we had total capital expenditures of approximately 118.7 million, including amounts incurred but not paid of approximately 26.2 million, primarily in connection with information technology projects and store remodels and maintenance. 
 - 32 - 

Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at September 30, 2019 (in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 
 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 
 5 years 

Total 

Long-term debt obligations, including interest (a) 

82,148 

162,566 

1,066,628 

733,019 

2,044,361 

Obligations under operating leases (b) 

174,578 

232,818 

95,747 

40,545 

543,688 

Purchase obligations (c) 

13,553 

23,412 

36,965 

Other long-term obligations (d)(e) 

3,857 

5,963 

3,502 

5,016 

18,338 

Total 

274,136 

424,759 

1,165,877 

778,580 

2,643,352 

(a) 
 
 Long-term debt obligations include obligations under capital leases and future interest payments on our debt outstanding as of September 30, 2019. The amounts shown above do not include unamortized discount or deferred debt issuance costs reflected in our consolidated balance sheets since those amounts do not represent contractual obligations. 

(b) 
 
 The amounts reported for operating leases do not include common area maintenance (CAM), property taxes or other executory costs. The amounts shown above do not include immaterial contingent liabilities for operating leases for which we are liable in the event of default by a franchisee. 

(c) 
 
 Purchase obligations reflect legally binding non-cancellable agreements that are entered into by us to purchase goods or services, that specify minimum quantities to be purchased and with fixed or variable price provisions. Amounts shown do not reflect open purchase orders, mainly for merchandise, to be fulfilled within one year, which are generally cancellable or contracts that tend to be reoccurring in nature and similar in amount year over year. 

(d) 
 
 Other long-term obligations, including current portion, principally represent obligations under insurance and self-insurance programs. These obligations are included in accrued liabilities and other liabilities, as appropriate, in our consolidated balance sheets. 

(e) 
 
 The table above does not include an estimated 2.0 million of unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the realization and timing of the related future cash flows, if any. 

 The information contained in the table above with regards to our long-term debt obligations is based on the current terms of such debt obligations and does not reflect any assumptions about our ability or intent to refinance any of our debt either on or before their maturity. In the event that we refinance some or all of debt either on or before their maturity, actual payments for some of the periods shown may differ materially from the amounts reported herein. In addition, other future events, including potential increases in interest rates, could cause actual payments to differ materially from these amounts. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
 At September 30, 2019, we did not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements other than obligations under operating leases and letters of credit, as discussed above. 
 Inflation 
 We believe inflation did not have a material effect on our results of operations during each of the three fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2019. However, during the past few years, in the U.S., we have experienced an increase in labor and real estate costs (including store rent and other occupancy expenses). Employee compensation and real estate expenses represent our two most significant operating expense categories. A material increase in labor and real estate costs in the future, particularly for an extended period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at each balance sheet date, reported amount of revenues and expenses for each reporting period presented, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable. We consider accounting policies to be 
 - 33 - 

critical when they require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made and when different estimates that we reasonably could have used have a material effect on the presentation of our consolidated financial condition, changes in consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations. 
 Our critical accounting estimates relate to the valuation of inventory, vendor rebates and concessions, retention of risk, income taxes, assessment of long-lived assets and intangible assets for impairment and share-based payments. 
 Valuation of Inventory 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost, determined using the first-in, first-out FIFO method, or net realizable value. In assessing the net realizable value of inventory, we consider several key factors including estimates of the future demand for our products, historical turn-over rates, the age and sales history of the inventory, and historic as well as anticipated changes in SKUs. When necessary, we adjust the carrying value of inventory for estimated inventory shrinkage and damage. We estimate inventory shrinkage between physical counts and product damage based upon our historical experience. Actual results differing from these estimates could significantly affect our inventory and cost of goods sold. Inventory shrinkage and damage expense, in the aggregate, averaged less than 1.0 of consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017. A 10 increase or decrease in our estimate of inventory shrinkage and damage at September 30, 2019, would impact net earnings by approximately 2.2 million. 
 Vendor Rebates and Concessions 
 We deem cash consideration received from a supplier to be a reduction of the cost of goods sold unless it is in exchange for an asset or service or a reimbursement of a specific, incremental, identifiable cost incurred by us in selling the vendor s products. The majority of cash consideration we receive is considered to be a reduction of inventory and a subsequent reduction in cost of goods sold as the related products are sold. We consider the facts and circumstances of the various contractual agreements with vendors in order to determine the appropriate classification of amounts received in our consolidated statements of earnings. We record cash consideration expected to be received from vendors in accounts receivables, other at the amount we believe will be collected. These receivables could be significantly affected if the actual amounts subsequently collected differ from our expectations. A 10 increase or decrease in these receivables at September 30, 2019, would impact net earnings by approximately 3.9 million. 
 Insurance 
 We retain a substantial portion of the risk related to employee health (primarily in the U.S.), workers compensation, general and product liability. However, we maintain stop-loss coverage to limit the exposure related to certain insurance risks. We base our health insurance liability estimate on trends in claim payment history, historical trends in claims incurred but not yet reported, and other components such as expected increases in medical costs, projected premium costs and the number of plan participants. Additionally, we base our estimates for workers compensation, general and product liability on an actuarial analysis performed by an independent third-party actuary. We review our insurance liability on a regular basis and adjust our accruals accordingly. 
 Changes in facts and circumstances may lead to a change in the estimated liability due to revisions of the estimated ultimate costs that affect our liability insurance coverage. Our liabilities could be significantly affected if actual results differ from our expectations or prior actuarial analyses. A 10 increase or decrease in our insurance liabilities at September 30, 2019, would impact net earnings by approximately 1.5 million. 
 The changes in our insurance liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2018 

Balance at beginning of period 

19,956 

24,743 

Self-insurance expense 

63,963 

66,581 

Payments, net of employee contributions 

(63,625 

(71,368 

Balance at end of period 

20,294 

19,956 

- 34 - 

Income Taxes 
 We record income tax provisions in our consolidated financial statements based on an estimate of current income tax liabilities. The development of these provisions requires judgments about tax positions, potential outcomes and timing. If we prevail in tax matters for which provisions have been established or are required to settle matters in excess of established provisions, our effective tax rate for a particular period could be significantly affected. 
 Additionally, deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between our financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are estimated to be recovered or settled. We believe that it is more-likely-than-not that our results of operations in the future will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred tax assets, net of the valuation allowance currently recorded. We have recorded a valuation allowance to account for uncertainties regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, primarily foreign loss carryforwards. In the future, if we determine that certain deferred tax assets will not be realizable, the related adjustments could significantly affect our effective tax rate at that time. An estimated tax benefit related to an uncertain tax position is recorded in our consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax position will withstand challenge, if any, from applicable taxing authorities. 
 Assessment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangible Assets for Impairment 
 Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, including store equipment, and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. The recoverability of long-lived assets and intangible assets subject to amortization is assessed by comparing the net carrying amount of each asset to its total estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum of its undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. G oodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized rather, they are reviewed for impairment at least annually, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more-likely-than-not that the value of the asset may be impaired. For the purpose of reviewing goodwill for impairment, we aggregate components of our operating segments with similar economic characteristics into a reporting unit. 
 When assessing goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for potential impairment, we compare the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. In addition, we consider whether the value of an asset has been impaired by evaluating if various factors (including current operating results, anticipated future results and cash flows, and relevant market and economic conditions) indicate a possible impairment. 
 Based on our assessments and after considering potential triggering events, we recognized impairment losses of 4.4 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, in connection with our long-lived assets and intangible assets. No material impairment losses were recognized in fiscal years 2019 or 2018. 
 Share-Based Payments 
 The amount of share-based compensation expense related to stock option awards is determined based on the fair value of each stock option award on the date of grant. The fair value of each stock option is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The amount of expense recognized in connection with stock option awards is significantly affected by our estimates. 
 The amount of share-based compensation expense related to performance-based restricted stock awards is determined based on the fair value of each award on the date of grant, which is based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. In addition, we record periodic expense (which is estimated quarterly) in connection with performance-based awards based on our estimate of the number of awards actually expected to vest. This requires that we estimate our future performance over the performance period (generally three years) associated with each award. Actual performance could differ from these estimates and could significantly affect the amount and timing of recognition of our share-based compensation expense related to performance-based awards. 
 - 35 - 

If actual results are not consistent with our estimate or assumptions, we may be exposed to changes in share-based compensation expense that could be material. A 10 change in our share-based compensation expense for the year ended September 30, 2019 , would affect net earnings by approximately 0.7 million. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data contained in this Annual Report for information about recent accounting pronouncements. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a multinational corporation, we are subject to certain market risks including risks resulting from our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, changes in interest rates and government actions. We consider a variety of practices to manage these market risks, including, when deemed appropriate, the use of derivative financial instruments. Currently, we do not purchase or hold any derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes, and are restricted from engaging in, by our debt and credit agreements. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 We are exposed to potential gains or losses from foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments in subsidiaries (including intercompany balances not permanently invested) and earnings denominated in foreign currencies, as well as exposure resulting from the purchase of merchandise by certain of our subsidiaries in a currency other than their functional currency and from the sale of products and services among the parent company and subsidiaries with a functional currency different from the parent or among subsidiaries with different functional currencies. Our primary exposures are to changes in exchange rates for the U.S. dollar versus the Euro, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, and the Mexican peso. In addition, we currently have exposure to the currencies of certain countries located in South America and from time to time we may have exposure to changes in the exchange rate for the British pound sterling versus the Euro in connection with the sale of products and services among certain of our European subsidiaries. For each of the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, less than 20 of our consolidated net sales were made in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 
 A 10 increase or decrease in the exchange rates for the U.S. dollar versus the foreign currencies to which we have exposure, would have impacted our consolidated net sales by approximately 1.8 in the fiscal year 2019, and would have impacted our consolidated net assets by approximately 2.4 at September 30, 2019. 
 As more fully discussed in Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we use, from time to time, foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations as a result of borrowings under our ABL facility and the variable-rate tranche of our term loan B. At September 30, 2019, there were no borrowings outstanding under the ABL facility and the term loan B had 424.0 million outstanding principal balance under the variable-rate tranche. Based on our September 30, 2019 floating interest rate debt, a 0.1 percentage point interest rate increase would impact interest expense by 0.4 million. 
 As more fully discussed in Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we use, from time to time, derivative instruments in order to manage risk relating to cash flows and interest rate exposure. 
 Credit risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk in connection with certain assets, primarily accounts receivable. We provide credit to customers in the ordinary course of business and perform ongoing credit evaluations. We believe that our exposure of credit risk with respect to trade receivables is largely mitigated by our broad customer base and that our allowance for doubtful accounts is sufficient to cover customer credit risks at September 30, 2019. 
 - 36 - 

Our derivative instruments expose us to credit risk in the event of default by a counterparty. We believe that such exposure is mitigated by the substantial resources and strong creditworthiness of the counterparties to our derivative instruments at September 30, 2019 . In the event that a counterparty defaults in its obligation under our derivative instruments, we could incur substantial financial losses. However, at the present time, no such losses are deemed probable. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See Index to Financial Statements which is located on page 47 of this Annual Report. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Background. Attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act. This Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications. Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K sets forth the attestation report of KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding its audit of our internal control over financial reporting. This section should be read in conjunction with the certifications and the KPMG attestation report for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Controls Evaluation and Related CEO and CFO Certifications. Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. The controls evaluation was conducted by our Disclosure Committee, comprised of senior representatives from our finance, accounting, internal audit, and legal departments under the supervision of our CEO and CFO. 
 Certifications of our CEO and our CFO, which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, are attached as exhibits to this Annual Report. This Controls and Procedures section includes the information concerning the controls evaluation referred to in the certifications, and it should be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A system of controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Because of the limitations in all such systems, no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Furthermore, the design of any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how unlikely. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective system of controls and procedures, misstatements or omissions due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Scope of the Controls Evaluation. The evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures included a review of their objectives and design, our implementation of the controls and procedures and the effect of the controls and procedures on the information generated for use in this Annual Report. In the course of the evaluation, we sought to identify whether we had any data errors, control problems or acts of fraud and to confirm that appropriate corrective action, including process improvements, was being undertaken if needed. This type of evaluation is performed on a quarterly basis so that conclusions concerning the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures can be reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Many of the components of our disclosure controls and procedures are also evaluated by our internal audit department, by our legal department and by personnel in our finance organization. The overall goals of these various evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls and procedures on an ongoing basis, and to maintain them as dynamic systems that change as conditions warrant. 
 - 37 - 

Conclusions regarding Disclosure Controls. Based on the required evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of September 30, 2019 , we maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Management of the Company, including the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and our Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. A system of internal controls may become inadequate over time because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2019 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2019, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles based on such criteria. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . Please refer to KPMG s Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting on page F-1 of the financial statements, which begin on page 47 of this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. During our last fiscal quarter there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 - 38 - 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE O FFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Board of Directors has adopted: (i) Corporate Governance Guidelines and a (ii) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to directors, officers and employees. Copies of these documents and the committee charters are available on our website at www.sallybeautyholdings.com and are available in print to any person, without charge, upon written request to our Vice President of Investor Relations. We intend to disclose on our website at www.sallybeautyholdings.com any substantive amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to these individuals or persons performing similar functions. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and certain persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other security interests of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 
 To our knowledge, based solely on a review of SEC EDGAR filings and written representations that no other reports were required during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we believe that all of our directors and officers complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements during fiscal year 2019, except: Mark Spinks who inadvertently failed to file on a timely basis one Form 4 with respect to the disposition of 11,538 shares of our common stock on November 13, 2018, and the following persons, each of whom inadvertently failed to file one Form 4 with respect to the receipt of shares of our common stock on September 30, 2018: Marshall Eisenberg (7,175 shares) Linda Heasley (7,175 shares) John Miller (7,175 shares) Kelly Mooney (717 shares) Denise Paulonis (2,901 shares) and Edward Rabin (5,381 shares). A remedial report has been filed with respect to each such exception. 
 The additional information required by Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Corporate Governance, the Board, and Its Committees and Report of the Audit Committee. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Directors Compensation and Benefits, Narrative Discussion of Director Compensation Table, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. 
 - 39 - 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Beneficial Ownership of Company s Stock. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 The following table gives information as of September 30, 2019, about our common stock that may be issued under all of our existing equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 (a) 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (3) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans 
 approved by security holders 

5,899,482 

22.08 

7,794,919 

Equity compensation plans not 
 approved by security holders 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

5,899,482 

22.08 

7,794,919 

(1) 
 
 Includes options issued and available for exercise and shares available for issuance in connection with past awards under the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan and predecessor share-based compensation plans. The Company currently grants awards only under the 2019 Plan. 

(2) 
 
 Calculation of weighted-average exercise price of outstanding awards includes stock options, but does not include shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units that convert to shares of common stock for no consideration. 

(3) 
 
 Represents shares that are available for issuance pursuant to the 2019 Plan, all of which are available as full value awards. 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Corporate Governance, the Board, and Its Committees, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCO UNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Proposal 3 Ratification of Selection of Auditors. 
 - 40 - 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (a) List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Index to Financial Statements which is located on page 47 of this Annual Report. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., dated January 30, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2014 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., dated April 26, 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017 

4.1 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2017 among the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Syndication Agent and the Documentation Agent (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2017 

4.2 

Amended and Restated Security Agreement by Sally Holdings LLC, Beauty Systems Group LLC, Sally Beauty Supply LLC, as the domestic borrowers and the other domestic borrowers and domestic guarantors party hereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A. as collateral agent dated as of July 26, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2013 

4.3 

Amended and Restated General Security Agreement by Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc., as the Canadian borrower and Bank of America, N.A., (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian agent dated as of July 26, 2013, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2013 

4.4 

Joinder to Loan Documents, dated as of December 20, 2011, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Beauty Systems Group LLC, Sally Beauty Supply LLC, Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc., SBH Finance B.V., the Guarantors named therein, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., Sally Investment Holdings LLC and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2012 

4.5 

Joinder to Loan Documents, dated as of May 28, 2015, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Beauty Systems Group LLC, Sally Beauty Supply LLC, Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc., SBH Finance B.V., the Guarantors named therein, Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC, Loxa Beauty LLC and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2015 

4.6 

Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2012, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2012 

4.7 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 29, 2013, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., the guarantors listed therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of Note attached as an exhibit thereto), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2013 

- 41 - 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

4.8 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 28, 2015, by and among Loxa Beauty LLC , Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC, Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., each existing Parent Guarantor and Subsidiary Guarantor listed therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2015 

4.9 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 28, 2015, by and among Loxa Beauty LLC , Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC, Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., each existing Parent Guarantor and Subsidiary Guarantor listed therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2015 

4.10 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2015, by and among Sally Holdings LLC, Sally Capital Inc., the guarantors listed therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of Note attached as an exhibit thereto), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2015 

4.11 

Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2017 among the Borrowers, the Parent Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, and the Lenders party thereto (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2017 

4.12 

Amendment No. 1 dated March 27, 2018 to Credit Agreement dated July 6, 2017 among the Borrowers, the Parent Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, and the Lenders party thereto (as such terms are defined therein), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2018 

10.1 

Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2006, among Alberto-Culver Company, New Aristotle Holdings, Inc., New Sally Holdings, Inc. and Sally Holdings, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136259) filed on October 10, 2006 

10.2 

First Amendment to the Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2006, among Alberto-Culver Company, New Aristotle Holdings, Inc., New Sally Holdings, Inc. and Sally Holdings, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-136259) filed on October 10, 2006 

10.3 

Second Amendment to the Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2006, among Alberto-Culver Company, New Aristotle Holdings, Inc., New Sally Holdings, Inc. and Sally Holdings, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.01 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2006 

10.4 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 3, 2007 

10.5 

2007 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2007 

10.6 

2009 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 20, 2008 

10.7 

Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2006, made and entered into by and among Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., Sally Investment Holdings LLC and Sally Holdings LLC, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.14 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sally Holdings LLC and Sally Capital Inc. filed on August 29, 2007 

- 42 - 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

10. 8 

2010 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2009 

10.9 

2010 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2009 

10.10 

2010 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Employees pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2009 

10.11 

Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement with Directors , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 19, 2009 

10.12 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 15, 2012 

10.13 

2011 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2010 

10.14 

2011 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Employees pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2010 

10.15 

2011 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 15, 2012 

10.16 

2016 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 4, 2016 

10.17 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on December 19, 2018 

10.18 

2019 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2019 

10.19 

2019 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holding, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2019 

10.20 

2019 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

10.21 

2019 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

- 43 - 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

10.2 2 

Offer Letter to Christian A. Brickman, dated as of April 25, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2014 

10.23 

Form of Severance Agreement between each of Christian A. Brickman and the Company effective as of June 2, 2014, Mark G. Spinks and the Company effective July 31, 2015, Scott C. Sherman and the Company effective October 1, 2017, Aaron E. Alt and the Company effective April 27, 2018, John M. Henrich and the Company effective June 10, 2019 and Pamela K. Kohn and the Company effective October 3, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2012 

10.24 

2012 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Independent Directors pursuant to the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 15, 2012 

10.25 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan 

10.26 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Independent Director Compensation Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 15, 2016 

10.27 

Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated Independent Director Compensation Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 14, 2018 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of KPMG 

31.1 

Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Christian A. Brickman 

31.2 

Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Aaron E. Alt 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Christian A. Brickman 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Aaron E. Alt 

101 

The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Included herewith 

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) (2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request. 

 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 
 - 44 - 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 22nd day of November, 2019. 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Christian A. Brickman 

Christian A. Brickman 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

By: 

/s/ Aaron E. Alt 

Aaron E. Alt 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and President Sally Beauty Supply 

By: 

/s/ Kenneth M. Newton 

Kenneth M. Newton 

Interim Controller and Interim 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

- 45 - 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Christian A. Brickman 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 22, 2019 

Christian A. Brickman 

/s/ Aaron E. Alt 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President Sally Beauty Supply 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

November 22, 2019 

Aaron E. Alt 

/s/ Kenneth M. Newton 

Interim Controller and Interim Principal Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

November 22, 2019 

Kenneth M. Newton 

/s/ Robert R. McMaster 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

November 22, 2019 

Robert R. McMaster 

/s/ Marshall E. Eisenberg 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Marshall E. Eisenberg 

/s/ Diana S. Ferguson 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Diana S. Ferguson 

/s/ David W. Gibbs 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

David W. Gibbs 

/s/ Linda Heasley 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Linda Heasley 

/s/ Joseph C. Magnacca 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Joseph C. Magnacca 

/s/ John A. Miller 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

John A. Miller 

/s/ P. Kelly Mooney 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

P. Kelly Mooney 

/s/ Susan R. Mulder 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Susan R. Mulder 

/s/ Denise Paulonis 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Denise Paulonis 

/s/ Edward W. Rabin 

Director 

November 22, 2019 

Edward W. Rabin 

- 46 - 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Financial Statements 
 Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-1 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2019 and 2018 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

F-8 

- 47 - 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders deficit for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2019, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2019 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable 
 F-1 

assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgment. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of vendor rebates and concessions 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, other accounts receivable of 61.4 million consists primarily of amounts earned from the Company s vendors under contractual agreements (collectively referred to as vendor rebates and concessions). These agreements are often specific to a particular product or promotion for a specified period of time, which results in a high volume of agreements, each with potentially non-standardized terms and conditions governing how the rebate is earned and calculated. Therefore, the inputs used to calculate the vendor rebates and concessions, which can include financial and non-financial data from multiple sources, will vary depending on the specific terms of the agreements. 
 We identified the evaluation of vendor rebates and concessions as a critical audit matter because of the challenging auditor judgment required to assess the non-standardized terms of the agreements and the nature and source of the inputs used in the recognition of the receivable. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We tested certain internal controls over the Company s process to calculate vendor rebates and concessions, including controls over the derivation of key inputs and the evaluation of the contractual terms of the agreements. For a sample of the vendor rebates and concessions, we evaluated the nature and source of the inputs used, and the terms of the contractual agreements. We recalculated the amount of the receivable based on the inputs and the terms of the agreements. We also compared the amount of cash received to the amount previously recognized by the Company for a sample of the vendor rebates and concessions that were collected subsequent to year end. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 22, 2019 
 
 F-2 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2019 and 2018 
 (In thousands, except par value data) 

2019 

2018 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, other 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, excluding goodwill, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Other liabilities 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value. Authorized shares and 
 shares issued and and shares outstanding at 
 September 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated earnings (deficit) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part to these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Restructuring 

Operating earnings 

Interest expense 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In thousands) 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Interest rate caps, net of tax 

Foreign exchange contracts, net of tax 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Total comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In thousands) 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided 
 by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation expense 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Net loss/(gain) on disposal and impairment of assets 

Net loss on extinguishment of debt 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in (exclusive of effects of acquisitions): 

Trade accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable, other 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Payments for property and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs 

Payments for common stock repurchased 

Proceeds from exercises of stock options 

Net cash used by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and 
 cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Capital expenditures incurred but not paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 (In thousands) 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Earnings 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Balance at September 30, 2016 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income 

Repurchases of common stock 

Share-based compensation 

Stock issued for stock options 

Balance at September 30, 2017 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, 
 net of tax 

Repurchases of common stock 

Share-based compensation 

Stock issued for stock options 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, 
 net of tax 

Repurchases of common stock 

Share-based compensation 

Stock issued for stock options 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Other accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due from vendors under various contractual agreements and include volume rebates and other promotional considerations. 
 F-8 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Buildings and building improvements 

5 40 

Leasehold improvements 

2 10 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

2 10 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 F-9 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 t recorded any impairment charges related to goodwill in the current or prior fiscal years presented. 
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 Our intangible assets with indefinite lives consist of trade names acquired in business combinations . Upon acquisition of these identifiable intangible assets, we base our valuation on the information and assumptions available to us at the time of acquisition, using income and market approaches to determine fair value. These assets are evaluated for impairment annually or whenever indications of potential impairment exist. When assessing intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment, we compare the fair value of each asset against its carrying value. Fair value is based on the relief from royalty method. Based on our assessments, material impairment charges related to intangible assets were recorded in the current or prior fiscal years presented. 
 F-10 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 day payment terms. Based on the nature of theses receivables, no significant financing component exists. 
 Gift Cards 
 The revenue from the sale of our gift cards is recognized at the time the gift card is used to purchase merchandise, which is generally within one year from the date of purchase. Our gift cards do not carry expiration dates or impose post-sale fees. Based on historical experience, a certain amount of our gift cards will not be redeemed, also referred to as gift card breakage. We recognize revenue related to gift card breakage within revenue in our consolidated statements of earnings over time proportionately to historical redemption patterns. The gift cards are issued and represent liabilities of either of our operating entities, Sally Beauty Supply LLC or Beauty Systems Group LLC, which are both limited liability companies formed in the state of Virginia. 
 Customer Loyalty Rewards 
 We launched our new Sally Beauty Rewards Loyalty Program nationwide during the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 to the U.S. and Canada, which enables customers to earn points based on their status for every dollar spent on merchandise purchased in our SBS stores and through our sallybeauty.com website, including on our new SBS mobile commerce-based app. When a specific tier has been reached, a customer will receive a certificate which can be used at any of our U.S. and Canadian SBS stores or through our sallybeauty.com website on their next purchase. Based on the rewards loyalty program policies, points expire after twelve months of inactivity and certificates will expire after a specific time period from the date of issuance. Certificates generated from our rewards loyalty program provide a material right to customers and represent a separate performance obligation. Rewards loyalty points are accrued at the standalone value per point, net of estimated breakage, and are included within accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We recognize the revenue when the customer redeems the certificate. Points and certificates are issued by and represent liabilities of Sally Beauty Supply LLC. 
 Private Label Credit Card 
 In September 2019, we signed a multi-year agreement with a third-party bank (the Bank to launch a private label credit card (the Program ). Under the agreement, the Bank will manage and extend credit to our SBS and BSG customers and we will provide licensing to our brand, marketing services and facilitate credit applications. The Bank will be the sole owner of the private label credit card accounts and takes on the risk of default by the private label card holders. As of September 30, 2019, Program operations have not yet commenced. In connection with signing the agreement, we received a refundable payment from the Bank that we recorded as deferred revenue within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and will recognize on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the agreement into net sales in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Pursuant to the agreement, the Bank will reimburse us for certain expenses we incur for the launch and marketing of the Program. Amounts reimbursed are recognized in net sales in our consolidated statements of earnings. In addition, we can earn other amounts from the Bank, including incentive payments for achieving performance targets and the activation of credit cards. 

Rewards loyalty program 

Accrued liabilities 

Total liability 

F-11 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million, million and million for the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 F-12 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Accrued liabilities 

Gross Profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements million and a right-of-use asset for a similar amount, which will be adjusted by reclassifications of existing lease assets and liability, on our consolidated balance sheet. We are currently in the final stages of implementing changes to our processes, controls and systems and expect to be compliant upon required adoption of the new standard. We do not believe adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 will have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows. The amount of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability we ultimately recognize may materially differ from this preliminary estimate, including as a result of future organic growth in our business, changes in interest rates, and potential acquisitions. 
 F-13 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Financial Liabilities 

None 

The fair value for interest rate caps were measured using widely accepted valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow analyses, and observable inputs, such as market interest rates. 
 Other fair value disclosures 
 Carrying amounts and the related estimated fair value of our long-term debt, excluding capital lease obligations, are as follows: 

As of September 30, 

2019 

2018 

Pricing Category 

Carrying 
 Value 

Fair Value 

Carrying 
 Value 

Fair Value 

Long-term debt 

Senior notes 

Level 1 

Other long-term debt 

Level 2 

Total debt 

The fair value of the senior notes was measured using unadjusted quoted market prices. The fair value of other long-term debt was measured using quoted market prices for similar debt securities in active markets or widely accepted valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow analyses, using observable inputs, such as market interest rates. 
 F-14 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 billion of our common stock over an approximate four-year period expiring on (the 2017 Share Repurchase Program and terminated the 2014 Share Repurchase Program. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, we repurchased and subsequently retired approximately million shares, million shares and million shares of our common stock at a cost of approximately million, million and million, respectively, under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program and the 2014 Share Repurchase Program (prior to termination of the 2014 Share Repurchase Program in August 2017). We reduced common stock and additional paid-in capital, in the aggregate, by these amounts. However, as required by GAAP, to the extent that share repurchase amounts exceeded the balance of additional paid-in capital prior to such repurchases, we recorded the excess in accumulated deficit. We funded these share repurchases with cash from operations and borrowings under the ABL facility, as appropriate. 
 Accumulated other Comprehensive Loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before 
 reclassifications, net of tax 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

Other comprehensive loss before 
 reclassifications, net of tax 

Reclassification to net earnings, net of tax 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

The tax impact for the changes in other comprehensive loss and the reclassifications to net earnings was not material. 

Dilutive securities: 

Stock option and stock award programs 

Weighted average diluted shares 

At September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, options to purchase approximately million, million and million shares, respectively, of our common stock were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, because these options were anti-dilutive. 
 F-15 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million shares of our common stock. Currently, we have awarded grants to employees and non-employee directors under the terms of the Omnibus Plans. 

Income tax benefit related to share-based 
 compensation expense 

The Omnibus Plan award types are as follows: 
 Performance awards: Performance awards vest on the satisfaction of the employee service condition and our level of achievement with respect to certain specified cumulative performance targets, including sales growth and return on invested capital, during the three-year performance period specified in each award. A grantee may earn from to of the original awarded amount. The fair value of our performance awards are based on our stock price on the date of grant and expensed ratably over the vesting period, generally . During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of our performance awards was , and , respectively. 
 Stock options: Stock option awards are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of each stock option award on the date of grant and expense ratably over the vesting period, generally . Stock options have a life. 
 Restricted Stock: Restricted stock awards RSA and restricted stock units RSU are valued using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. Expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period, generally for RSAs and for RSUs. An RSA award is an award of our shares that have full voting rights and dividend rights, but are restricted with regard to sale or transfer. These restrictions lapse over the vesting period. RSUs are awarded to our independent directors who may elect, upon receipt of such award, to defer until a later date delivery of the shares of our common stock that would otherwise be issued on the vesting date. RSUs granted prior to the fiscal year 2012, are generally retained by the Company as deferred stock units that are not distributed until after the independent director s service as a director terminates. 
 Performance-Based Awards 
 The following table presents a summary of the activity for our performance awards assuming payout: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2019 

As of September 30, 2019, the maximum compensation expense that could be potentially recognized in connection with unvested performance awards is approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 F-16 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

5.4 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2019 

5.8 

Exercisable at September 30, 2019 

5.1 

The weighted average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model relating to the valuation of our stock options are as follows: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

The expected life of options awarded represents the period of time that such options are expected to be outstanding and is based on our historical experience. The risk-free interest rate is based on the zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with a term comparable to the expected life of an award at the date of the grant. Since we do not currently expect to pay dividends, the dividend yield used for this purpose is . 
 The weighted average fair value per share at the date of grant of the stock options awarded during the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 was , and , respectively. The aggregate fair value of stock options that vested during the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 was million, million and million, respectively. The total cash received during the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 from these option exercises was million, million and million, respectively, and the tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from these option exercises was million, million and million, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2019, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock option awards are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 F-17 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2019 

At September 30, 2019, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested RSAs are expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 RSUs 
 The following table presents a summary of the activity for our RSUs: 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2019 

At September 30, 2019, all RSUs previously awarded have vested and there are unrecognized compensation costs in connection therewith. 

Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2018 

Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

F-18 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Distribution rights 

Other intangible assets 

Total definite-lived intangible assets 

Indefinite-lived Intangible assets: 

Trade names 

43,093 

Total intangible assets, excluding 
 goodwill, net 

Our definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period that we expected an economic benefit, typically over periods of to . For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, amortization expense related to intangible assets totaled million, million and million, respectively. 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

Thereafter 

Deferred revenue 

Interest payable 

Rental obligations 

Insurance reserves 

Property and other taxes 

Loss contingency obligation 

Operating accruals and other 

Total accrued liabilities 

F-19 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

Thereafter 

Certain of our leases include payments of contingent rent based on a percentage of sales, renewal options and escalation clauses. Contingent rentals were not material for any fiscal years presented. Aggregate rental expense for all operating leases amounted to million, million and million for the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
 Letters of Credit 
 We had million and million of outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 Contingencies 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is, from time to time, involved in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of its business in the ordinary course. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Data Security Incidents 
 As previously disclosed, we experienced data security incidents during the fiscal years 2014 and 2015 (together, the data security incidents ). The data security incidents involved the unauthorized installation of malicious software malware on our information technology systems, including our point-of-sale systems that may have placed at risk certain payment card data for some transactions. The costs that we have incurred to date in connection with the data security incidents include assessments by payment card networks, professional advisory fees and legal fees relating to investigating and remediating the data security incidents. 
 During the fiscal year 2017, we entered into agreement pursuant to which all existing claims and assessments by certain payment card networks were settled. We received an assessment from another payment card network during fiscal year 2018 in connection with the data security incidents and recognized million of expenses. The assessment was based on the network s claims against our acquiring banks for costs that it asserts its issuing banks incurred in connection with the data security incidents, including incremental counterfeit fraud losses and non-ordinary course operating expenses, such as card reissuance costs. As of September 30, 2018, we had a million loss contingency liability related to the data security incidents. During the fiscal year 2019, we paid the full amount of the assessment, and, we believe that, we have remaining liability related to the data security incidents. 
 Liabilities for loss contingencies, arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties, the data security incidents and other sources, are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. We have no significant liabilities for loss contingencies at September 30, 2019 and 2018, except as disclosed above. 
 F-20 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million, five-year asset-based senior secured loan facility (the "ABL facility") with a syndicate of banks, which matures on . The interest rate on the ABL facility is variable and determined at our option as (i) prime plus or or (ii) London Interbank Offered Rate plus or . In addition, the terms of the ABL facility contain a commitment fee of on the unused portion of the facility. Borrowings under the ABL facility are secured by the accounts, inventory and credit card receivables (and related general intangibles and other property) of our domestic subsidiaries. 
 At September 30, 2019 and 2018, we did t have any outstanding borrowing under the ABL facility. At September 30, 2019, we had million available for borrowing under the ABL facility. 
 Long-term Debt 
 Long-term debt consists of the following (dollars in thousands): 

September 30, 

2019 

2018 

Interest Rates 

Term loan B: 

Variable-rate tranche 

LIBOR plus 2.25 

Fixed-rate tranche 

Senior notes due Nov. 2023 

Senior notes due Dec. 2025 

Total 

Plus: capital lease obligations 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
 and discount, net 

Total debt 

Less: current maturities 

Total long-term debt 

Thereafter 

Total 

Term Loan B 
 In July 2017, we entered into a seven-year term loan pursuant to which we borrowed million (the term loan B ). Borrowings under the term loan B are secured by a first-priority lien in and upon substantially all of the assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries other than the accounts, inventory (and the proceeds thereof) and other assets that secure the ABL facility on a first priority basis. In addition, the variable-rate tranche contains provisions requiring quarterly repayments of principal in an amount equal to of the original amount for the variable-rate tranche. The term loan B matures on . Interest is payable monthly on the variable-rate tranche and quarterly on the fixed rate tranche. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we paid down million aggregate principal amount of our term loan B, in addition to the previously required quarterly payments. In connection with debt repayment, we recognized a million loss on the extinguishment of debt from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 In March 2018, the Borrowers entered into an Amendment No. 1 with respect to our term loan B pursuant to which the interest rate spread on the variable-rate tranche was reduced by basis points to LIBOR plus . 
 F-21 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million of our senior notes due 2025 at a weighted-average price of and million of our senior notes due 2023 at par. As a result, we recognized a million gain on the extinguishment of debt, including a gain of approximately million from the discount paid under the face value of the accepted 2025 Notes and the write-off of million in unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 Covenants 
 The agreements governing our ABL facility, term loan B and the senior notes due 2023 and 2025 contain a customary covenant package that places restrictions on the disposition of assets, the granting of liens and security interests, the prepayment of certain indebtedness, and other matters and customary events of default, including customary cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions. As of September 30, 2019, we are in compliance with all debt covenants and all the net assets of our consolidated subsidiaries were unrestricted from transfer. t purchase or hold any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. See note 4 for the classification and fair value of our derivative instruments. 
 Designated Cash Flow Hedges 
 Foreign Currency Forwards 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we entered into foreign currency forwards to mitigate the exposure to exchange rate changes on inventory purchases in USD by our foreign subsidiaries over fiscal year 2019. As of September 30, 2019, all of our foreign currency forward derivatives instruments had settled. We record, net of income tax, the changes in fair value related to the foreign currency forwards into AOCL and recognize realized gain or loss into cost of goods sold based on inventory turns. As of September 30, 2019 exchange rates, we expect to reclassify approximately million into cost of goods sold over the next 12 months. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we reclassified million of net losses into cost of goods sold. 
 Interest Rate Caps 
 In July 2017, we purchased interest rate caps with an initial aggregate notional amount of million (the interest rate caps ). The interest rate caps are made up of individual caplets that expire monthly through and are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, we dedesignated interest rate cap and terminated million in notional amount, concurrent with the repayment of million of the term loan B variable tranche. Subsequently, we redesignated the remaining notional amounts of the interest rate cap. Once we determined the hedged transaction related to million of the term loan B variable tranche principal was probable not to occur, we reclassified a loss of million from AOCL into interest expense. Furthermore, changes in fair value of the remaining hedged interest rate caps are recorded quarterly, net of income tax, and are included in AOCL. Over the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify approximately million into interest expense, which represents the original value of the expiring caplets. 
 F-22 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million, which includes the million loss, out of AOCI into interest expense. 
 Non-Designated Cash Flow Hedges 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we used foreign currency forwards to mitigate the exposure to exchange rate changes on inventory purchases in USD by our foreign subsidiaries. We did not have any material non-designated foreign currency forwards during fiscal year 2019. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, we recognized a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively, into selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 to our U.S. and Puerto Rico employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. The allows employees to contribute immediately upon hire, while the allows employees to contribute after of employment. Under the terms of each 401(k) Plan, employees may contribute a percentage of their annual compensation up to certain maximums, as defined by each 401(k) Plan and by statutory limitations. We currently match a portion of employee contributions, as defined by each 401(k) Plan. We recognized expense of million, million and million in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, related to such matching contributions and these amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 In addition, pursuant to the 401(k) Plans, we may elect to make voluntary profit sharing contributions to the accounts of eligible employees as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, we did t make a profit sharing contribution to the 401(k) Plans. million related to the transition tax on unremitted earnings of our foreign operations. 
 The U.S. Treasury Department has issued final regulations covering the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of U.S Tax Reform. Certain guidance included in these final regulations is inconsistent with our interpretation of the enacted tax law that led to the recognition of a million benefit in the first quarter of the current fiscal year. Notwithstanding this inconsistency, we remain confident in our interpretation of the Internal Revenue Code and intend to defend this position through litigation, if necessary. However, if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, we may be required to reverse the benefit. 
 Beginning with our first quarter of fiscal year 2019, we are subject to taxation on global intangible low-taxed income GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. We have made the policy election to record this tax as a period cost at the time it is incurred. The impact from GILTI was immaterial for fiscal year 2019. 

F-23 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Foreign 

State 

Total current portion 

Deferred: 

Federal 

Foreign 

State 

Total deferred portion 

Total provision for income taxes 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Effect of foreign operations 

Deferred tax revaluation, including adoption 
 of income tax method changes 

Deemed repatriation tax 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

Accrued liabilities 

Share-based compensation expense 

U.S. foreign tax credits 

Unrecognized tax benefits 

Inventory adjustments 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liabilities attributable to: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Inventory adjustments 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

F-24 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million, million and million in the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Foreign operations had earnings before provision for income taxes of million, million and million in the fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
 Tax reserves are evaluated and adjusted as appropriate, while taking into account the progress of audits by various taxing jurisdictions and other changes in relevant facts and circumstances evident at each balance sheet date. We do not expect the outcome of current or future tax audits to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 
 As of September 30, 2019, deferred taxes have been provided on the accumulated undistributed earnings of our foreign operations beyond the amounts recorded for deemed repatriation of such earnings, as required by U.S. Tax Reform. An actual repatriation of earnings from our foreign operations could still be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state taxes. Based upon evaluation of our foreign operations, undistributed earnings are intended to remain permanently reinvested to finance anticipated future growth and expansion, and accordingly, deferred taxes have not been provided. If undistributed earnings of our foreign operations were not considered permanently reinvested as of September 30, 2019, an immaterial amount of additional deferred taxes would have been provided. 
 At September 30, 2019 and 2018, we had total operating loss carry-forwards of million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, are subject to a valuation allowance. At September 30, 2019, operating loss carry-forwards of million expire between 2020 and 2031 and operating loss carry-forwards of million have no expiration date. At September 30, 2019 and 2018, we had tax credit carry-forwards of million and million, respectively, This includes a U.S. foreign tax credit carry-forward of million as a result of the deemed repatriation tax under U.S. Tax Reform. This credit expires in 2028. We do not believe the realization of the U.S. foreign tax credit is more likely than not, so a valuation allowance has been recorded against its full value. Of the remaining tax credit carry-forwards, at September 30, 2019, million expire between 2025 and 2028, and million have no expiration date. Total tax credit carry-forwards of million and million are subject to a valuation allowance at September 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Lapse of statute 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

If recognized, these positions would affect our effective tax rate. 
 We recognize interest and penalties, accrued in connection with unrecognized tax benefits, in provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties, in the aggregate, were million at September 30, 2019 and 2018. 
 Because existing tax positions will continue to generate increased liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months, and the fact that from time to time our tax returns are routinely under audit by various taxing authorities, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change during the next 12 months. An estimate of the amount of such change, or a range thereof, cannot reasonably be made at this time. 
 F-25 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 stores operating in the province of Quebec, Canada, for approximately million. This acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and funded by cash from operations and borrowing under the ABL facility. The results of operations of Chalut are included in our BSG reportable segment subsequent to the acquisition date. We recorded intangible assets subject to amortization of million and goodwill of million, which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes, in connection with this acquisition. The goodwill in connection with the acquisition was assigned to our BSG reportable segment. The acquisition of Chalut was not material to the results of operations. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019 and 2017, we did t acquire any substantial businesses. reportable segments: (i) SBS, a domestic and international chain of retail stores and a consumer-facing e-commerce website that offers professional beauty supplies to both salon professionals and retail customers primarily in North America, Puerto Rico, and parts of Europe and South America and (ii) BSG, including its franchise-based business Armstrong McCall, a full service distributor of beauty products and supplies that offers professional beauty products directly to salons and salon professionals through its professional-only stores, e-commerce platforms and its own sales force in partially exclusive geographical territories in the U.S. and Canada. 
 The accounting policies of both of our reportable segments are the same as described in the summary of significant accounting policies contained in Note 2. Sales between segments, which were eliminated in consolidation, were not material for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017. 
 F-26 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

BSG 

Total 

Earnings before provision for income taxes: 

Segment operating earnings: 

SBS 

BSG 

Segment operating earnings 

Unallocated expenses 

Restructuring 

Consolidated operating earnings 

Interest expense 

Earnings before provision for income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization: 

SBS 

BSG 

Corporate 

Total 

Payments for property and equipment: 

SBS 

BSG 

Corporate 

Total 

Total assets (as of September 30): 

SBS 

BSG 

Sub-total 

Corporate 

Total 

Unallocated expenses consist of corporate and shared costs and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of earnings. In the fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, no single customer accounted for or more of revenue. 
 F-27 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Other countries 

Total 

Long-lived assets (as of September 30): 

United States 

United Kingdom 

Other countries 

Total 

Disaggregated Revenues 

Hair care 

Skin and nail care 

Styling tools 

Multicultural products 

Salon supplies and accessories 

Other beauty items 

Total 

Hair care 

Skin and nail care 

Styling tools 

Other beauty items 

Promotional items 

Total 

The following table disaggregates our segment revenue by sales channels: 

SBS 

BSG 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2018 

2017 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Company-operated stores 

E-commerce 

Franchise stores 

Distributor sales consultants 

Total 

F-28 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 wholly owned domestic subsidiaries guarantor subsidiaries ), as defined in our credit agreements, of Sally Beauty serve as guarantors to the ABL facility, term loan B and senior notes due and . The guarantees related to these debt instruments are full and unconditional, joint and several and have certain restrictions on the ability to pay restricted payments to Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. parent ). Certain other subsidiaries, including our foreign subsidiaries, do not serve as guarantors non-guarantor subsidiaries ). 
 The following condensed consolidating financial information represents financial information for (i) parent, (ii) Sally Holdings and Sally Capital Inc., (iii) the guarantor subsidiaries (iv) the non-guarantor subsidiaries, (v) elimination entries necessary for consolidation purposes, and (vi) Sally Beauty on a consolidated basis. 
 F-29 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Trade and other accounts 
 receivable, net 

Due from affiliates 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Goodwill and other intangible 
 assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 
 Equity 

Accounts payable 

Due to affiliates 

Accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Long-term debt 

Other liabilities 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 (deficit) equity 

F-30 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Trade and other accounts 
 receivable, net 

Due from affiliates 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Goodwill and other intangible 
 assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 
 Equity 

Accounts payable 

Due to affiliates 

Accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Long-term debt 

Other liabilities 

Deferred income tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 (deficit) equity 

F-31 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Related party sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative 
 expenses 

Restructuring 

Operating earnings (loss) 

Interest expense (income) 

Earnings (loss) before provision for 
 income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, 
 net of tax 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

F-32 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Related party sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative 
 expenses 

Restructuring 

Operating earnings (loss) 

Interest expense (income) 

Earnings (loss) before provision for 
 income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, 
 net of tax 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss), 
 net of tax 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

F-33 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Related party sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative 
 expenses 

Restructuring 

Operating earnings (loss) 

Interest expense 

Earnings (loss) before provision for 
 income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, 
 net of tax 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss), 
 net of tax 

Total comprehensive income 

F-34 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Payments for property and 
 equipment, net 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Due from affiliates 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of 
 long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Payments for common 
 stock repurchased 

Proceeds from exercises of 
 stock options 

Due to affiliates 

Net cash provided (used) by financing 
 activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 
 on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and 
 cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 
 of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

F-35 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Payments for property and 
 equipment, net 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Due from affiliates 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of 
 long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Debt issuance cost 

Payments for common 
 stock repurchased 

Proceeds from exercises of 
 stock options 

Due to affiliates 

Net cash provided (used) by financing 
 activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 
 on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase in cash and 
 cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 
 of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

F-36 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Payments for property and 
 equipment, net 

Due from affiliates 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of 
 long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs 

Payments for common 
 stock repurchased 

Proceeds from exercises of 
 stock options 

Due to affiliates 

Net cash provided (used) by financing 
 activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 
 on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and 
 cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 
 of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

F-37 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 

2018 Restructuring Plan 

2017 Restructuring Plan 

Total expense (gain) 

Supply Chain Modernization 
 In February 2019, we announced that we were assessing our supply chain in an effort to minimize out-of-stocks, optimize inventory levels, reduce costs and explore new replenishment and fulfillment options. As part of our supply chain modernization plans, we sold our secondary headquarters and fulfillment center in Denton, Texas, and our Marinette, Wisconsin, fulfillment facility, anticipate closing other select distribution centers and upgrading our e-commerce capabilities. Additionally, we will be opening a new automated and concentrated distribution center which will service SBS stores and e-commerce sales, as well as BSG stores, full service sales and e-commerce sales in fiscal year 2020. 

Facility closures 

Other 

Total 

Expenses incurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, represent costs incurred by SBS of million, BSG of million and corporate of million. The above table does not include an million gain from selling our secondary headquarters and fulfillment center in Denton, Texas, and our fulfillment center in Marinette, Wisconsin. 
 2018 Restructuring Plan 
 In November 2017, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the 2018 Restructuring Plan focused primarily on significantly improving the profitability of our international businesses, with particular focus on our European operations. In April 2018, we announced an expansion of the 2018 Restructuring Plan that contained cost reduction initiatives designed to help fund important long-term growth initiatives. The expansion to the 2018 Restructuring Plan included headcount reductions primarily at our corporate headquarters in Denton, Texas. As of December 31, 2018, the 2018 Restructuring Plan was substantially complete and we do not anticipate any additional material costs for the 2018 Restructuring Plan. 

Consulting 

Other 

Total 

F-38 
 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fiscal Years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
 million and corporate of million. 
 2017 Restructuring Plan 
 In January 2017, the Board approved a restructuring plan (the 2017 Restructuring Plan for our businesses that included the closure of administrative offices in the U.S. and Canada, reductions in both salaried and hourly workforce and certain other cost reduction activities. In addition, we expanded the 2017 Restructuring Plan to encompass some other underperforming international operations. There was no material liability for the 2017 Restructuring Plan as of September 30, 2019. 

Gross profit 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share (a) 

Basic 

Diluted 

2018: 

Net sales 

Gross profit 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share (a) 

Basic 

Diluted 

(a) 
 
 The sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the full year amount due to rounding of the calculated amounts. 
 
 F-39 

<EX-10.20>
 2
 sbh-ex1020_177.htm
 2019 FORM OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

sbh-ex1020_177.htm

Exhibit 10.20 
 NON-STATUTORY STOCK OPTION AWARD CERTIFICATE 

Non-transferable 
 G R A N T TO 
 
 Full_Name 
 Optionee 
 
 the right to purchase from Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the Company 
 
 Options shares of its common stock, par value 0.01, at the price of per share (the Option 
 
 pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and to the terms and conditions set forth on the following page (the Terms and Conditions ). By accepting the Option, Optionee shall be deemed to have agreed to the Terms and Conditions set forth in this Award Certificate and the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 Unless vesting is accelerated as provided herein or otherwise in the discretion of the Committee, the Option shall vest (become exercisable) in accordance with the following schedule, provided that Optionee is providing services to the Company on each of the following dates: 

Vesting Date 
 
 Percent of Option Vested 

November 15, 2020 
 
 33.33 

November 15, 2021 
 
 33.33 

November 15, 2022 
 
 33.34 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., acting by and through its duly authorized officers, has caused this Award Certificate to be duly executed. 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By: 
 Christian A. Brickman 
 
 Its: President, Chief Executive Officer Director 

Grant Date: November 5, 2019 

Acknowledged and Accepted by Optionee: 
 
 __________________________________ 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 1. Vesting of Option . The Option shall vest (become exercisable) in accordance with the schedule shown on the cover page of this Award Certificate. Notwithstanding the vesting schedule, (i) upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, unless the Committee otherwise determines as provided in Section 13.8(b) of the Plan, the Option shall become fully vested and exercisable, and (ii) upon Optionee s termination of service as a result of Optionee s death or Disability, that portion of the Option that would have become vested and exercisable on the next vesting date following the effective date of Optionee s termination of service shall become vested and exercisable. 
 
 2. Term of Option and Limitations on Right to Exercise . The term of the Option will be for a period of ten years, expiring at 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the Expiration Date ). To the extent not previously exercised, the Option will lapse prior to the Expiration Date upon the earliest to occur of the following circumstances: 
 
 (a) two (2) months after the termination of Optionee s service with the Company for any reason other than (i) by the Company for Cause or, if Optionee s employment is subject to the terms of a then-effective written employment agreement between Optionee and the Company or an Affiliate, by Optionee without compliance with, or without good reason or words of similar import under, the terms of his or her employment agreement, if any, or (ii) by reason of Optionee s death, Disability or Retirement; 
 
 (b) twelve (12) months after the date of the termination of Optionee s service with the Company by reason of his or her Retirement, if Optionee does not agree to be bound by Restrictive Covenants (as defined in Section 3 herein); 
 
 (c) thirty-six (36) months after the date of the termination of Optionee s service with the Company by reason of his or her Retirement, if Optionee agrees to be bound by Restrictive Covenants; 
 
 (d) twelve (12) months after the date of the termination of Optionee s service with the Company by reason of his or her Disability; 
 
 (e) twelve (12) months after Optionee s death, if Optionee dies while providing services to the Company, or during the two-month period described in subsection (a) above or during the 12-month period described in subsections (b) or (d) above or during the 36-month period described in subsection (c) above, and before the Option otherwise expires (upon Optionee s death, the Option may be exercised by Optionee s estate or other beneficiary designated pursuant to the Plan); or 
 
 (f) immediately upon the termination of Optionee s service with the Company if such termination is (i) by the Company for Cause, or (ii) if Optionee s employment is subject to the terms of a then-effective written employment agreement between Optionee and the Company or an Affiliate, by Optionee without compliance with, or without good reason or words of similar import under, the terms of such employment agreement. 
 
 The Committee may, prior to the lapse of the Option under the circumstances described in subsections (a), (b), (c), (d) or (f) above, extend the time to exercise the Option as determined by the Committee in writing, but in no event may the Option be extended beyond the Expiration Date. If Optionee returns to service with the Company during the designated post-termination exercise period, then Optionee shall be restored to the status Optionee held prior to such termination. If Optionee or his or her beneficiary exercises an Option after termination of service, the Option may be exercised only with respect to the 

portion of the Option that was otherwise vested on Optionee s termination of service, including any portion of the Option vested by acceleration under Section 1. 
 
 3. Retirement . If Optionee s service with the Company is terminated as a result of his or her Retirement and Optionee agrees to be bound by certain restrictive covenants (including non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and non-disparagement covenants as determined in the sole discretion of the Company) Restrictive Covenants ), for the three-year period following his or her Retirement, then Optionee will continue to vest in the portion of the Option that was not vested and exercisable as of the date of Optionee s Retirement for the three-year period following Optionee s Retirement as if Optionee s service had not terminated, unless Optionee violates the any of the Restrictive Covenants. If, in the sole discretion of the Committee, Optionee violates one of the Restrictive Covenants during the three-year period following Optionee s Retirement, then all Options, whether or not vested, shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled as of the date of such violation. If Optionee s service with the Company is terminated as a result of his or her Retirement and Optionee does not agree to be bound by Restrictive Covenants, then the Option shall be exercisable only with respect to the portion of the Option that was otherwise vested on Optionee s termination of service. 
 
 4. Exercise of Option . Unless and until changed by the Company, t he Option shall be exercised by (a) entering and executing an exercise order with UBS Financial Services Inc. and obtaining an exercise confirmation. UBS Financial Services Inc. may be reached by telephone at 1-877-763-6447 (within the U.S.) or 1-617-261-2617 (outside the U.S.) or on the UBS Financial Services Inc. website at http://www.ubs.com/onesource/sbh , and (b) payment to the Company in full for the shares of Common Stock subject to such exercise. If the person exercising an Option is not Optionee, such person shall also deliver with the notice of exercise appropriate proof of his or her right to exercise the Option. Payment for such shares of Common Stock shall be (a) in cash, (b) by delivery (actual or by attestation) of shares of Common Stock previously-acquired by the purchaser, (c) by withholding of shares of Common Stock from the Option, or (d) any combination thereof, for the number of shares of Common Stock specified in the exercise notice. Shares of Common Stock surrendered or withheld for this purpose shall be valued at the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. To the extent permitted under Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, and subject to applicable securities laws and any limitations as may be applied from time to time by the Committee (which need not be uniform), the Options may be exercised through a broker in a so-called cashless exercise whereby the broker sells the shares of Common Stock on behalf of Optionee and delivers cash sales proceeds to the Company in payment of the exercise price. To the extent that the Option is outstanding and exercisable on the Expiration Date, and if the exercise price is less than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Expiration Date, the Option will be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date by withholding of shares of Common Stock from the Option sufficient to cover the exercise price and the minimum require tax withholding. Evidence of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Option may be accomplished in such manner as the Company or its authorized representatives shall deem appropriate including, without limitation, electronic registration, book entry registration or issuance of a certificate or certificates in the name of the Optionee or in the name of such other party or parties as the Company and its authorized representatives shall deem appropriate. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Optionee receives evidence of the issuance of the Shares. In the event the shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of this Option remain subject to any additional restrictions, the Company and its authorized representatives shall ensure that Optionee is prohibited from entering into any transaction that would violate any such restrictions, until such restrictions lapse. 
 
 5. Post-Employment Non-Solicitation . Optionee agrees that for a period of one year following Optionee s termination of service with the Company for any reason, Optionee will not either directly or indirectly solicit for employment or otherwise interfere with the relationship of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company with any natural person who is then-currently employed by or otherwise engaged 

to perform services for the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. Optionee further agrees that Optionee will not interfere with the business relationshi p between the Company and any Affiliate of the Company and one of its customers, suppliers or vendors by soliciting, inducing, or otherwise encouraging the customer, supplier or vendor to reduce or stop doing busi ness with the Company and any Affiliate of the Company . In the event Optionee s service with the Company is terminated as a result of his or her Retirement, the provisions of this Section 5 shall apply regardless of whether Optionee agrees to be bound to Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 3. 
 
 6. Tax Matters . 
 
 (a) Optionee acknowledges that the tax consequences associated with the Option are complex and that the Company has urged Optionee to review with Optionee s own tax advisors the federal, state, and local tax consequences of this Option. Optionee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Optionee understands that Optionee (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Optionee s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this Award Certificate. 
 
 (b) The Company or any employer Affiliate has the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Optionee to remit to the employer, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local taxes (including Optionee s FICA obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of the exercise of the Option. The obligations of the Company under this Award Certificate will be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and, where applicable, an employer Affiliate, will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to Optionee. The withholding requirement shall be satisfied by withholding from the Option shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding equal to the amount required to be withheld for tax purposes, all in accordance with such procedures as the Company establishes. 
 
 7. Restrictions on Transfer and Pledge . The Option shall be exercisable only by the Optionee during Optionee s lifetime, or, if permissible under applicable law, by Optionee s guardian or legal representative or by a transferee receiving such Optionee pursuant to a domestic relations order (a QDRO as defined in Section 414(p)(1)(B) of the Code or Title I of ERISA, or the rules thereunder. The Option, and any rights under the Option, may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by Optionee otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a QDRO, and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate; provided that the designation of a beneficiary to receive benefits in the event of Optionee s death shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Option may be transferred, without consideration, to a Permitted Transferee. The Option may be exercised by such Permitted Transferee in accordance with the terms of this Award Certificate. Nothing herein shall be construed as requiring the Company or any Affiliate to honor a QDRO except to the extent required under applicable law. 
 
 8. Restrictions on Issuance of Shares of Common Stock . If at any time the Committee shall determine in its discretion, that registration, listing or qualification of the shares of Common Stock covered by the Option upon any securities exchange or under any foreign, federal, or local law or practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition to the exercise of the Option, the Option may not be exercised in whole or in part unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee. 

9. Plan Controls . The terms contained in the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Award Certificate and this Award Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Plan. In the event of any actual or alleged conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Award Certificate, the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling and determinative. 
 
 10. Limitation of Rights . The Option does not confer to Optionee or Optionee s beneficiary any rights of a stockholder of the Company unless and until shares of Common Stock are in fact issued to such person in connection with the exercise of the Option. Nothing in this Award Certificate shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate Optionee s service at any time, nor confer upon Optionee any right to continue providing services to the Company or any Affiliate . 
 
 11. Successors . This Award Certificate shall be binding upon any successor of the Company, in accordance with the terms of this Award Certificate and the Plan. 
 
 12. Notice . Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., 3001 Colorado Boulevard, Denton, TX 76210, Attn: Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Optionee. Notices to Optionee will be directed to the address of Optionee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Optionee in a written notice to the Company. 
 
 13. Amendments and Modifications . The Committee or its designee may, in the Committee s or the designee s sole and absolute discretion, as applicable, amend or modify this Award Certificate in any manner that is either (i) not adverse to Optionee, or (ii) consented to by Optionee. 
 
 14. Compensation Recoupment Policy . This Award Certificate shall be subject to the terms and conditions of any compensation recoupment policy adopted from time to time by the Board or any committee of the Board, to the extent such policy is applicable. 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 sbh-ex1021_175.htm
 2019 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

sbh-ex1021_175.htm

Exhibit 10.21 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD CERTIFICATE 

Non-transferable 
 GRANT TO 
 
 Full_Name 
 Grantee 
 
 by Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the Company of 
 
 RSAs shares of its common stock, 0.01 par value (the Shares 
 
 pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and to the terms and conditions set forth on the following page (the Terms and Conditions ). By accepting the Shares, Grantee shall be deemed to have agreed to the Terms and Conditions set forth in this Award Certificate and the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 Unless the expiration of restrictions on the Shares is accelerated as provided herein or otherwise in the discretion of the Committee, the restrictions on these Shares shall expire in accordance with the following schedule, provided that Grantee is providing services to the Company on each of the following dates : 

Vesting Date 
 
 Percent of Shares Vested 

November 15, 2020 
 
 33.33 

November 15, 2021 
 
 33.33 

November 15, 2022 
 
 33.34 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., acting by and through its duly authorized officers, has caused this Award Certificate to be duly executed. 

SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 By: 
 Christian A. Brickman 
 
 Its: President, Chief Executive Officer Director 

Grant Date: November 5, 2019 

Acknowledged and Accepted by Grantee: 
 
 __________________________________ 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 1. Restrictions . The Shares are subject to each of the following restrictions. Restricted Shares mean those Shares that are subject to the restrictions imposed hereunder which restrictions have not then expired or terminated. Restricted Shares may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered. Subject to Section 3 hereof, if Grantee s service terminates for any reason other than as described in Section 2(c) below, then Grantee shall forfeit all of Grantee s right, title and interest in and to the Restricted Shares as of the date of termination, and such Restricted Shares shall be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee. If any Restricted Shares do not vest pursuant to Section 2(c), then Grantee shall forfeit all of Grantee s right, title and interest in and to such Restricted Shares as of the date of termination, and such Restricted Shares shall be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee. The restrictions imposed under this Section shall apply to all shares of Common Stock or other securities issued with respect to Restricted Shares hereunder in connection with any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend or other change in corporate structure affecting the Common Stock. 
 
 2. Expiration and Termination of Restrictions . The restrictions imposed under Section 1 will expire on the earliest to occur of the following (the period prior to such expiration being referred to herein as the Restricted Period ): 
 
 (a) as to the percentages of the Shares specified on the cover page hereof, on the respective vesting dates specified on such page, provided Grantee is providing services to the Company on each such vesting date; 
 
 (b) as to 100 of the Shares, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, unless the Committee otherwise determines as provided in Section 13.8(b) of the Plan, provided Grantee is providing services to the Company on the date of such Change in Control; or 
 
 (c) as to that portion of the Shares that would have become vested on the next vesting date following the effective date of Grantee s termination of service, upon Grantee s termination of service as a result of Grantee s death or Disability. 
 
 3. Retirement . If Grantee s service with the Company is terminated as a result of his or her Retirement and Grantee agrees to be bound by certain restrictive covenants (including non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure and non-disparagement covenants as determined in the sole discretion of the Company) Restrictive Covenants ), for the three-year period following his or her Retirement, then the Restricted Shares will continue to vest for the three-year period following Grantee s Retirement as if Grantee s service had not terminated, unless Grantee violates the any of the Restrictive Covenants. If, in the sole discretion of the Committee, Grantee violates one of the Restrictive Covenants during the three-year period following Grantee s Retirement, then Grantee shall forfeit all of his or her right, title and interest in and to such Restricted Shares as of the date of such violation, and such Restricted Shares shall be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee . If Grantee s service with the Company is terminated as a result of his or her Retirement and Grantee does not agree to be bound by Restrictive Covenants, then Grantee shall forfeit all of his or her right, title and interest in and to such Restricted Shares as of the date of termination, and such Restricted Shares shall be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee. 
 
 4. Delivery of Shares . The Shares will be registered in the name of Grantee as of the Grant Date and may be held by the Company during the Restricted Period in certificated or uncertificated form. If a certificate for Restricted Shares is issued during the Restricted Period, such certificate shall be registered in the name of Grantee and shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (in addition to any legend 

required under applicable state securities laws) : This certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Restricted Stock Award Certificate between the registered owner and Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Release from such terms and conditions shall be made only in accordance with the provisions of such Award Certificate , copies of which are on file in the offices of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Stock certificates for the Shares, without the above legend, shall be delivered to Grantee or Grantee s designee upon request of Grantee after the expiration of the Restricted Period, but delivery may be postponed for such period as may be required for the Company with reasonable diligence to comply, if deemed advisable by the Company, with registration requirements under the 1933 Act , listing requirements of any national securities exchange, and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 
 
 5. Voting and Dividend Rights . 
 
 (a) Grantee shall have full voting rights with respect to the Shares during and after the Restricted Period. 
 
 (b) During the Restricted Period, any dividends accrued on the Restricted Shares shall be credited by the Company to an account for Grantee and accumulated without interest until the date upon which the Restricted Shares become vested, and any dividends accrued with respect to forfeited Restricted Shares will be reconveyed to the Company without further consideration or any act or action by Grantee. In no event shall dividends be paid or distributed until the vesting restrictions of the Restricted Shares lapse. 
 
 6. Post-Employment Non-Solicitation . Grantee agrees that for a period of one year following Grantee s termination of service with the Company for any reason, Grantee will not either directly or indirectly solicit for employment or otherwise interfere with the relationship of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company with any natural person who is then-currently employed by or otherwise engaged to perform services for the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. Grantee further agrees that Grantee will not interfere with the business relationship between the Company and any Affiliate of the Company and one of its customers, suppliers or vendors by soliciting, inducing, or otherwise encouraging the customer, supplier or vendor to reduce or stop doing business with the Company and any Affiliate of the Company. In the event Grantee s service with the Company is terminated as a result of his or her Retirement, the provisions of this Section 6 shall apply regardless of whether Grantee agrees to be bound to Restrictive Covenants set forth in Section 3. 
 
 7. Payment of Taxes . 
 
 (a) Grantee acknowledges that the tax consequences associated with this Award are complex and that the Company has urged Grantee to review with Grantee s own tax advisors the federal, state, and local tax consequences of this Award. Grantee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Grantee understands that Grantee (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Grantee s own tax liability that may arise as a result of this Award Certificate. 
 
 (b) Upon issuance of the Shares hereunder, Grantee may make an election to be taxed upon such award under Section 83(b) of the Code. To effect such election, Grantee may file an appropriate election with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days after award of the Shares and otherwise in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations. Grantee will, no later than the date as of which any amount related to the Shares first becomes includable in Grantee s gross income for federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or any employer Affiliate, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Board regarding payment of, any federal, state and local taxes (including Grantee s FICA obligation) 

required by law to be withheld with respect to such amount. The obligations of the Company under this Award Certificate will be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and, where applicable, an employer Affiliate, will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to Grantee. The withholding requirement shall be satisfied by withholding from the Award shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding equal to the amount required to be withheld for tax purposes, all in accordance with such procedures as the Company establishes. 
 
 8. Plan Controls . The terms contained in the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Award Certificate and this Award Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Plan. In the event of any actual or alleged conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Award Certificate , the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling and determinative. 
 
 9. No Right to Continued Service . Nothing in this Award Certificate shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate Grantee s service at any time, nor confer upon Grantee any right to continue providing services to the Company or any Affiliate . 
 
 10. Successors . This Award Certificate shall be binding upon any successor of the Company, in accordance with the terms of this Award Certificate and the Plan. 
 
 11. Notice . Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company must be addressed to Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., 3001 Colorado Boulevard, Denton, TX 76210, Attn: Secretary, or any other address designated by the Company in a written notice to Grantee. Notices to Grantee will be directed to the address of Grantee then currently on file with the Company, or at any other address given by Grantee in a written notice to the Company. 
 
 12. Amendments and Modifications . The Committee or its designee may, in the Committee s or the designee s sole and absolute discretion, as applicable, amend or modify this Award Certificate in any manner that is either (i) not adverse to Grantee, or (ii) consented to by Grantee. 
 
 13. Compensation Recoupment Policy . This Award Certificate shall be subject to the terms and conditions of any compensation recoupment policy adopted from time to time by the Board or any committee of the Board, to the extent such policy is applicable. 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 sbh-ex1025_176.htm
 SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN

sbh-ex1025_176.htm

Exhibit 10.25 
 SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN 

SECTION 1 
 Purpose 
 
 The purpose of the Sally Beauty Holdings Annual Incentive Plan is to permit Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company ), through awards of annual cash incentive compensation, to attract and retain executive officers and other key employees and to motivate these employees to promote the profitability and growth of the Company. 
 
 SECTION 2 
 Definitions 
 
 Award shall mean the amount earned and paid to a Participant under the Plan for a Performance Period. 
 
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company, or the successor thereto. 
 
 Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 Eligible Employee shall mean (i) any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (ii) any single-member limited liability company or single-shareholder corporation providing executive management services to the Company or its Subsidiaries through its sole member or shareholder. 
 
 Participant shall mean, for each Performance Period, an Eligible Employee who has been selected to participate in the Plan for that Performance Period. 
 
 Performance Objectives shall mean the financial, operational and/or individual performance objectives established by or under the direction of the Committee with respect to a given Performance Period. 
 
 Performance Period shall mean the Company s fiscal year or any other period designated by the Committee with respect to which an Award may be granted. 
 
 Plan shall mean this Sally Beauty Holdings Annual Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Scheduled Payment Date for any Performance Period has the meaning assigned such term in Section 6(a) hereof. 
 
 Stock Plans shall mean the Sally Beauty Holdings Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Incentive Plan and any future equity compensation plans approved by the shareholders of the Company. 
 
 Target Award shall mean the amount of an Award, expressed as a percentage of base salary, that will be earned by a Participant for a Performance Period if designated Performance Objectives are achieved at the target level. 

- 1 - 

SECTION 3 
 Administration 
 
 The Committee shall administer the Plan and shall have full authority to interpret the Plan, to establish rules and regulations relating to the operation of the Plan, to select Participants, to determine the amounts of any Awards and to make all determinations and take all other actions necessary or appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan. The Committee s interpretation of the Plan, and all actions taken within the scope of its authority, shall be final and binding on the Company, its stockholders and Participants, former Participants, and their respective successors and assigns. No member of the Committee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 
 The Committee may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer some or all of its authority with respect to Eligible Employees who are not executive officers of the Company, including the authority to select Participants, establish or approve Performance Objectives, establish or approve Target Awards, or determine the amounts of Awards to Participants under the Plan. 
 
 SECTION 4 
 Eligibility and Participation 
 
 The Committee shall determine the Participants in the Plan for each Performance Period. 
 With respect to non-executive officers, the Chief Executive Officer shall recommend to the Committee a list of Eligible Employees (and/or job classifications or categories of Eligible Employees) proposed to be Participants in the Plan for each Performance Period. Within 90 days after the beginning of each Performance Period, the Committee shall review and approve the Eligible Employees and/or job classifications or categories of Eligible Employees who will be Participants in the Plan for that Performance Period. The Chief Executive Officer may add or delete non-executive officer Participants and/or job classifications or categories of Participants during a Performance Period, subject to Committee approval. 
 
 SECTION 5 
 Operation of the Plan 

(a) 
 
 Establishment of Target Awards . Within 90 days after the beginning of each Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) shall approve the percentage of each Participant s base salary that will be awarded to the Participant if designated Performance Objectives are achieved at the target performance level (the Target Award ). Each Participant s Target Award percentage will be communicated in writing to the Participant. The actual Award to a Participant may be greater or less than his or her Target Award, depending on the level of achievement of Performance Objectives and depending on whether the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) exercises discretion to increase or reduce a resulting Award as provided herein. If a Participant s Target Award is based on his or her managerial level, and if his or her managerial level changes during the Performance Period, the Target Award percentages for such managerial levels will be prorated based on the number of days the Participant was employed in the applicable managerial levels during the Performance Period. 

- 2 - 

(b) 
 
 Performance Objectives . Within 90 days after the beginning of each Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) shall establish or approve financial, operational and/or individual performance objectives relative to each Participant for a Performance Period, which may vary depending on the business unit, managerial level or role of the Participant. Such Performance Objectives may be expressed in terms of threshold, target and maximum performance levels, the achievement of which will affect the amount of the Awards earned, with or without interpolation between points. The applicable Performance Objectives for each Participant shall be communicated in writing to the Participant as soon as practicable after they are established. 

(c) 
 
 Determination of Awards . As soon as practicable after the end of each Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) will review the level of achievement of Performance Objectives for the Performance Period. While the achievement of Performance Objectives shall in all cases be taken under consideration by the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee to determine Awards with respect to Participants who are not executive officers), the final Award for each Participant is within the sole discretion of the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers), based on such factors as it or he shall deem relevant. The Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be) shall review and approve all Awards, based upon the assumption that the Participant will be an employee on the Scheduled Payment Date (defined below). 

SECTION 6 
 Payment of Awards 

(a) 
 
 Awards will be paid to Participants within 30 days after the amount of such Awards for a Performance Period have been determined, but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period for which the Awards, if any, were earned (the Scheduled Payment Date ). 

(b) 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in Section 7 or determined by the Committee, a Participant must be employed by the Company or one of its subsidiaries on the Scheduled Payment Date for a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award. 

(c) 
 
 Awards made to Participants who are participating in the Plan for less than the entire Performance Period shall be prorated based on the number of days of participation. 

(d) 
 
 Any Participant may be removed from consideration for an Award (or have the Award amount reduced) at the discretion of the Committee or its designee. Performance-related and ethics-related personnel actions are particularly likely to lead to removal from consideration. 

(e) 
 
 Payment of Awards may be made in cash, stock, restricted stock, options, other stock-based or stock-denominated units or any combination thereof determined by the Committee. Equity or equity-based awards shall be granted under the terms and conditions of one or more of the Company s Stock Plans. If so authorized by the Committee, payment of Awards may be deferred in accordance with a written election by the Participant pursuant to procedures established by the Committee. 

- 3 - 

SECTION 7 
 Effect of Employment Status 

(a) 
 
 Unless otherwise provided in this Section 7 or determined by the Committee, a Participant must be employed by the Company or one of its subsidiaries on the Scheduled Payment Date for a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award. 

(b) 
 
 A Participant whose death or retirement occurs after the end of the Performance Period but before the Scheduled Payment Date shall be eligible for a payment on the Scheduled Payment Date on same terms as if he/she had been employed as of the Scheduled Payment Date. 

(c) 
 
 A Participant who has been an active employee for at least three months of the Performance Period and is terminated as a result of disability before the end of the Performance Period shall be eligible for a prorated payment based upon the number of completed months of active employment during the Performance Period. A Participant whose employment is terminated by reason of disability after the end of the Performance Period but before the Scheduled Payment Date shall be eligible for a payment on the Scheduled Payment Date on the same terms as if he/she had been employed as of the Scheduled Payment Date. 

(d) 
 
 In the event a Participant is transferred between the Company and one or more of its subsidiaries or to an unaffiliated company, the effect of the transfer on the Award shall be determined by the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company). 

(e) 
 
 If a Participant begins employment or is promoted to an eligible position after the beginning of a Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers), in its or his discretion, may determine whether such employee may participate in the Plan and if so, the terms of such participation. Any Award earned by such Participant will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period, unless the Committee or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, determines otherwise. 

(f) 
 
 If a Participant is demoted during a Performance Period, the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers) will determine whether Plan participation ends at that time, or is continued, perhaps at a reduced level. If participation ends, any Award earned during the time of participation will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period and the level of participation. 

(g) 
 
 If a Participant takes a leave of absence during the Performance Period for any reason, any Award earned by such Participant will be prorated based on the number of days such person participated in the Plan during the Performance Period, unless the Committee or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, determines otherwise. 

(h) 
 
 Except as may be required by law, a Participant must be an active employee for three months of a Performance Period to be eligible for an Award for that Performance Period, unless the Committee (or the Chief Executive Officer if so authorized by the Committee with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company) determines otherwise. 

(i) 
 
 Applies to Canadian and United Kingdom/European Union Eligible Employees Only - The date of termination of employment under the Plan shall be determined to be: 

- 4 - 

1. 
 
 In the case of a Participant s resignation or retirement, the day on which the Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company. 

2. 
 
 In the case of the dismissal of the Participant or any other termination of employment not otherwise addressed, whether for cause or otherwise, the earlier of the date on which the Participant receives notice of termination of employment or the day on which the Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company. 

3. 
 
 I n the case of any single-member limited liability company or single-shareholder corporation providing executive management services to the Company or its Subsidiaries through its sole member or shareholder, the day that provision of executive management services ceases. 

SECTION 8 
 Amendment and Termination 
 
 The Committee may amend the Plan at any time and from time to time. The Committee may terminate the Plan at any time. 
 
 SECTION 9 
 Other Provisions 

(a) 
 
 No Eligible Employee or other person shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan. Neither the establishment of this Plan, nor any action taken hereunder, shall be construed as giving any Eligible Employee any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Nothing contained in the Plan shall limit the ability of the Company to make payments or awards to Eligible Employees under any other plan, agreement or arrangement. 

(b) 
 
 The rights and benefits of a Participant hereunder are personal to the Participant and, except for payments made following a Participant s death, shall not be subject to any voluntary or involuntary alienation, assignment, pledge, transfer, encumbrance, attachment, garnishment or other disposition. 

(c) 
 
 Awards under the Plan shall not constitute compensation for the purpose of determining participation or benefits under any other plan of the Company unless specifically included as compensation in such plan. 

(d) 
 
 The Company (or the Participant s employing company) shall have the right to deduct from Awards any taxes or other amounts required to be withheld by law. 

(e) 
 
 Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed to prevent the Company or any of its subsidiaries from taking any corporate action which is deemed by it to be appropriate or in its best interest, whether or not such action would have an adverse effect on any Awards made under the Plan and nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to limit or restrict the ability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries from establishing any compensation plan or arrangement, or making any payment, or granting any Award to any Eligible Employee or other person. No employee, beneficiary or other person shall have any claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries as a result of any such action. 

- 5 - 

(f) 
 
 All questions pertaining to the construction, regulation, validity and effect of the provisions of the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 

(g) 
 
 No member of the Committee or the Board, and no officer, employee or agent of the Company shall be liable for any act or action hereunder, whether of commission or omission, taken by any other member, or by any officer, agent, or employee, or, except in circumstances involving bad faith, for anything done or omitted to be done in the administration of the Plan. 

(h) 
 
 (Applies to United States Eligible Employees Only) - Nothing in the Plan is intended to or shall change the nature of any Participant s employment from being at will, terminable by the employer or employee at any time, with or without notice. 

(i) 
 
 Applies to Canadian and United Kingdom/European Union Eligible Employees Only) - Nothing in the Plan is intended to or shall change the nature of any Participant s contract of employment with the Company or affect the Company s right to terminate the employment of the Participant. 

(j) 
 
 Nothing in this Plan is intended to change the nature of the contract to provide executive management services or affect any right to terminate such contract, in the case of any single-member limited liability company or single-shareholder corporation providing executive management services to the Company or its Subsidiaries through its sole member or shareholder. 

(k) 
 
 Awards granted under this Plan shall be subject to any compensation recoupment policy that the Company may adopt from time to time that is applicable by its terms to the recipient of such award. 

SECTION 10 
 Effective Date 
 
 The Plan shall be effective as of October 1, 2018. 
 
 - 6 - 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 sbh-ex211_9.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC.

sbh-ex211_9.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS, INC. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Sally Investment Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

Sally Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

Beauty Systems Group LLC (Virginia) (1) 

Armstrong McCall Holdings, Inc. (Texas) 

Armstrong McCall Holdings, L.L.C. (Delaware) 

Armstrong McCall Management, L.C. (Texas) 

Armstrong McCall, L.P. (Texas) 

Innovations-Successful Salon Services (California) 

Procare Laboratories, Inc. (Delaware) 

Neka Salon Supply, Inc. (New Hampshire) 

Salon Success International, LLC (Florida) 

Loxa Beauty LLC (Indiana) 

Sally Beauty Supply LLC (Virginia) 

Diorama Services Company, LLC (Delaware) 

Sally Capital Inc. (Delaware) 

Sally Beauty Military Supply LLC (Delaware) 

Arcadia Beauty Labs LLC (Delaware) 

Sally Beauty International Finance LLC (Delaware) 

Beauty Holding LLC (Delaware) 

Sally Beauty International, Inc. (Delaware) 

Sally Beauty Supply BV (Netherlands) 

Pro-Duo Deutschland GmbH (Germany) 

Sally Beauty Canada Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

SBCBSG Company de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico) (2) 

SBIFCO Company de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) (2) 

SBCEDIS Company de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico) 

Sally Beauty International Holdings C.V. (Netherlands) 

Sally International Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

Sally Beauty Holdings LP (Bermuda) 

Sally EURO Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

Sally CAD Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

Sally GBP Holdings LLC (Delaware) 

Gen X Beauty LLC (Delaware) 

SBIFCO (Barbados) SRL (Barbados) 

Sally Beauty Netherlands BV (Netherlands) 

SBH Finance B.V. (Netherlands) 

Sally Beauty de Puerto Rico, Inc. (Puerto Rico) (3) 

Sally Salon Services (Ireland) Ltd (Ireland) 

Sally Beauty Colombia S.A.S. (Colombia) (5) 

Sally Chile Global Holdings SpA (Chile) 

Sally Chile Worldwide Holdings SpA (Chile) 

Pro-Duo Spain SL (Spain) 

Sally UK Holdings Limited (England) 

BSG Canada Holdings Company (Nova Scotia) 

Beauty Systems Group (Canada), Inc. (New Brunswick) (3) 

Sally Salon Services Ltd (England) 

MHR Limited (England) 

Sally Chile Holding SpA (Chile) (4) 

Sally Peru Holdings S.A.C. (Peru) (5) 

Sinelco Group BVBA (Belgium) 

Sinelco International BVBA (Belgium) 

Sinelco Italiana SRL (Italy) 

Sinelco France SAS (France) 

Salon Services (Hair and Beauty Supplies) Ltd (Scotland) 

Salon Services Franchising Ltd (Scotland) 

Salon Success Limited (England) (6) 

Ogee Limited (England) 

Pro-Duo NV (Belgium) 

Pro-Duo France SAS (France) 

Vigox BVBA (Belgium) 

Kapperscentrale Bauwens N.V. (Belgium) 

1. 
 
 Doing business as CosmoProf 

2. 
 
 Doing business as Sally Beauty Supply 

3. 
 
 Doing business as CosmoProf and Sally Beauty Supply 

4. 
 
 Doing business as Sally Beauty and Intersalon 

5. 
 
 Doing business as Sally Beauty 

6. 
 
 Education division doing business as 3 6 5 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 sbh-ex231_12.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM

sbh-ex231_12.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.: 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-224753) and on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-142583, 333-138830, 333-164545, and 333-229444) of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. of our report dated November 22, 2019, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders deficit for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2019, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2019, which report appears in the September 30, 2019 annual report on Form 10-K of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 KPMG LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 22, 2019 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 sbh-ex311_7.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO

sbh-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christian A. Brickman, certify that: 

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.; 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 November 22, 2019 

By: 

/s/ Christian A. Brickman 

Christian A. Brickman 

Chief Executive Office 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 sbh-ex312_6.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO

sbh-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Aaron E. Alt, certify that: 

(1) 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc.; 

(2) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 November 22, 2019 

By: 

/s/ Aaron E. Alt 

Aaron E. Alt 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and President Sally Beauty Supply 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 sbh-ex321_11.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CEO

sbh-ex321_11.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christian A. Brickman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: 

/s/ Christian A. Brickman 

Christian A. Brickman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 22, 2019 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 sbh-ex322_8.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CFO

sbh-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Aaron E. Alt, President of Sally Beauty Supply and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: 

/s/ Aaron E. Alt 

Aaron E. Alt 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and President Sally Beauty Supply 

Date: November 22, 2019 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sbh-20190930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sbh-20190930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sbh-20190930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sbh-20190930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sbh-20190930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

